Rating: 2
Beard doesn't even come close with his recipe. First off it can also be made with beef. Bulgar wheat is what is used in the Middle East and it also needs about a half cup of pine nuts. Now many Lebanese and Syrians split the meat into two portions and have a layer of slightly caramelized onions in between the two meat layers. If you use beef use at least 85% and avoid the super lean 90% as the bulgur wheat will soak up any fat. Trust me on this. Dry kibbee or any meatloaf is no bueno. The bulgar wheat must be soaked for at least six hours and you can soak it in beef broth for added flavor, otherwise the meatloaf is dry as a board. Mix the soaked wheat, seasoning, and the pine nuts with the meat and don't over knead as that will make it tough. Seasoning varies, but in Lebanon they use plain mint (NOT spearmint) about two tblspoons, ground cardomom - 2 teaspns (this will turn the meat red colored), and a small amount of garlic - two cloves at most. The chopped onions can be mixed into the meat rather than layering and mix that with the seasoning and other ingredients all at the same time. Use 3 or 4 mediums onions as the mint and the onion are the major players. Salt and pepper to taste. Eat it plain in rectangles like traditional meatloaf or serve it in thinner slices in Pita halves with raw spinach leaves and plain ranch dressing as a delicious pairing between the meat and spinach leaves. This is authentic kibbee.

Rating: 3
My grandfather was Lebanese, and growing up we ate plenty of Kibbee. This recipe is pretty close to the one we use, however, we added a little cinnamon, and we would fry ours. I will say though kibbee to me is better raw!!

Rating: 3
I add just a bit of flour to my mixture and form them into balls and cook them for hot appetizers. Serve with a plain or mint yogurt dip.

Rating: 2
This was a very "basic" Kibbee. My Mother-in-law is 100% Lebanese and makes it with pureed Green Pepper, and Parsley as well as the onions, cumin, etc.. Also great served with plain yogurt as a dip and pita bread

Rating: 0
I'm confused. The baked Kibbee tells you to put a layer of half the kibbe mixture. then it says, Add the ground lamb mixture , top with the rest of the kibbee. Am I suppose to use the "other" kibbee mixture with it, totatling 2 1/2 lbs of ground lamb? I've been looking for this recipe for 6 years and I don't want to screw it up.