Rating: 4
wonderful, great with drinks, the cucumber base makes it refreshing, the smoked whitefish is perfect and as one reviewer mentioned the whitefish salad is perfect on it's own, smoked salmon would be too strong, the whitefish is perfect with the apple. Just a note, if you're going to make the recipe and change the key ingredients (smoked salmon for smoked whitefish, radish for apple) you should not review this recipe poorly, you did not make this recipe.

Rating: 3
I have made this recipe for several parties. I used Smoked Mahi Mahi (in FL it's also called Dolphin Fish), it is a moist white fish that flakes easily. I also squeezed a bit of lemon over the fish prior to mixing the rest of the ingredigents. If you do not like the tartness or acidity of the lemon, I advise using a bit less of the zest. I also used English (burpless) cucumbers, they have less water and the taste stands up better to the fish. This is a wonderful Summer recipe!

Rating: 2
I made this with smoked salmon and substituted radishes in place of apple. I also did not add the lemon zest. Although this was refreshing on a hot summer day and very different, there was too much dill for my taste. I may try this again with the apple to see the difference.

Rating: 1
I was not a big fan of this dish. I made these cucumber rounds for a "tea party" with about 12 friends. I followed the recipe exactly, and I found it to be, well, bad. The mix was lightly sour from the lemon, and weirdly fishy atop a mass of bland cucumber. I would not make these again, and they were not a hit at the party-- I now have about 20 of them left over the frigde and have no idea what to do with them.

Rating: 3
To answer your question about making ahead, you'd be safe in making the whitefish salad a day ahead of time. I had leftovers in the fridge for a couple of days, and it was still delicious. The cukes could be cut ahead of time, but I'd do it earlier in the day, as opposed to a day ahead.

Rating: 0
can someone tell me how far in advance i can make this for a party on thurs night?

Rating: 3
I made this for a party last night. I'm a fan of smoked fish, and thought this would be an easy make ahead appetizer. It's quite tasty--the apple goes surprisingly well with the smoked fish, and it has just a hint of lemon that's quite tasty. It's different, not something that everyone's going to enjoy, but many at my party did. I'm enjoying the leftovers today!