Rating: 0
Oops! Cannot be made without garlic, basil, oregano and peppers. Must be my spell check isn't working - I also meant 'food' of course;-( Sorry

Rating: 0
I've made this for years, but would find recipe terribly bland and boring. True Italian foot cannod be made with oregano, basil, garlic and yes...green peppers. I saute onion, garlic, celery, and green pepper in olive oil. Then I add 2-3 chicken bullion cubes with 1/2 chicken and water to cover. Simmer this until the chicken can be removed and the bones, skin etc. removed.Feed this and the veggie skins to your garden. Boil and moderately salt angel hair. Drain and mix with the soup broth, veggies and chicken. This makes a more full-bodied soup in our opinion. I'm having that for dinner tonight with fresh garlic bread;-)

Rating: 4
I've made this soup several times and enjoy it very much. The cheese added at serving time is the key, and adds a wonderful saltiness and body to the soup. I use orzo instead of vermicelli, and I freeze the leftovers.

Rating: 3
I hate garlic so I was glad to find this recipe. However, I made it with rice instead of vermicelli and added diced zucchini.

Rating: 2
In the interest of time, I use 2 store bought roasted chickens and chicken broth in this. With the previous cooks comments considered, I thought this would be an asset. Adding a large carrot chopped, chopped mushrooms, garlic and basil should only enhance it. It was DEVOURED by my 2-yr old but good ole Mama and Daddy struggled through. Taste wasn't bad just not great. Plus it kinda looked like a train wreck. I'll make it again, for a crowd...of 2-yr olds.

Rating: 1
I agree with Michael Brooks. This definately needs some garlic and basil. I would de-fat the broth before proceeding, either by making the day before, refrigerating, then removing the solid fat, or using a de-fatting pitcher. One cup of Romano cheese is way too much. Just pass it at the table and let everyone sprinkle some on their own serving. Add some greens, (escarole, endive or spinich) at the end of the cooking and let them wilt--added food value plus some color interest.

Rating: 2
For purists, this may just be the thing, but for me, it was way too bland. The chicken was excellent, but overall the soup needs some fresh basil and garlic, along with a pinch of thyme or maybe sage to add some spunk. I also found it much to oily and fatty - a condition emphasized greatly by the tangy ramano cheese. Overall, it was a good experiment, but I'll never make it again.