Rating: 0
I used the gas stove method when I had a gas stove. I have also used a charcoal grill much like the cook from MA. However, instead of using a bowl, I just wrap the pepper itself in saran wrap. Next time I will try murphy47's idea of the foil for easier clean up.

Rating: 2
Thank you Gourmet, but thank you even more murphy47. Your recipe makes everything a lot easier.

Rating: 2
I have roasted red peppers twice. Once, I made up my own method and the second time I tried using the broiler. I did not like the broiler method. I found it more difficult ot peel the peppers. My method is to use your outdoor grill. Heat your grill up and using medium to high setting, char the pepper WHOLE. This allows you to turn the pepper and char every nook of the pepper. When they are completely charred, place them in a glass bowl and cover with plastic wrap for atleast ten minutes. Then cut the tops off and seed the pepper. The skins at this point practically fall off. Enjoy!

Rating: 2
I love roasted red peppers and over the years I have refined my own technique which makes clean up a breeze. I slice peppers in half through the stem end and then with a paring knife cut off the stems and pull out the seeds. I line a shallow baking pan with enough heavy duty foil so that 4-6 inches extends on all sides. I broil the peppers, skin side up, until the skins are good and charred - approx. 10 minutes. I then remove the pan from the oven and pull up the foil extensions to completely cover the pan and allow the peppers to steam for about 10 minutes. With my fingers, I slip the skins off the peppers, leaving all the mess behind in the foil-lined pan. When the operation is complete, simply toss the foil package in the garbage. If you use heavy duty foil, you won't have any leaks and your pan will have stayed clean. You will also have avoided using a bowl for the steaming operation.

Rating: 4
You will get better results if the peppers are put in a plastic bag to cool. Also, try this recipe with eggplants.