Rating: 1
What a disappointment (and I ADORE bean-based soups)! I followed the recipe to the letter (using spinach as suggested in place of the cabbage) and ended up with a thin, watery soup that smells like dirty socks. The taste is just okay, but the smell of the soup means I won't be able to take to to work for lunches as planned. Yuck.

Rating: 0
Calls for WAY too much salt. I had to throw out!

Rating: 4
I made this last night and have to say it was wonderful. I used napa cabbage, three cans of cannellini beans, fresh basil and dried thyme. I added 5 cups of vegetable stock. I also added chicken pot stickers 5 minutes before I was ready to serve it and shaved parmesan cheese over the bowls. Next time I will double the recipe. Yum!

Rating: 3
one more thing (which may just be me being quirky)--I left out the cabbage because my hubby despises it, and instead I roasted broccoli until quite brown and yummy (in olive oil and a little kosher salt), and served it with the soup. I thought it was great both as a side but also yummy served *in* the soup.

Rating: 3
yummy! i must confess that i am not a fan of beans or bean soup, but i wanted a bean soup to make for good luck in the new year (today is Jan 1). This was really yummy, although I did make some significant changes. First, I used bacon instead of prosciutto. I'm on a budget, and I needed to use up some leftover bacon. I know that is quite significant, but nonetheless it's what I did. Also, I'm not a big fan of thyme, so I made a radical change--instead of using thyme, I switched in onions, and sauted them (with the garlic) in the bacon fat until quite brown and a little crispy. The only other change was subbing in a cup of beef broth for one of the cups of water. The soup was extraordinary for a bean soup. I found it flavorful and delicious! One small problem (probably because I used bacon instead of prosciutto) was that it was a little salty for my taste (but that could be fixed). I wasn't trying to be authentic and I didn't feel the need to be "true to the recipe" since I just wanted a bean soup, and for me it worked out wonderfully. I highly recommend consulting this recipe!!

Rating: 3
This was an incredibly fast and easy soup, although I tweaked it thus: I rinsed the canned beans and used chicken stock for the broth. I fried strips of prosciutto in the olive oil until fairly crisp and then added them to the soup at the end. I also let the beans and herbs simmer for about an hour before finishing things off. Very good flavor.