Rating: 1
lol A Cook from NY, did your cousin actually eat dog biscuits to know? I can see dog biscuit resemblence. I don't think I'll spend about 20 euros to get 7 mini packs of pistachios to try again (no bulk here). Was not disgusting, but it is not interesting, would never serve to company, and it's given me a stomach ache. Advice for those who want to try anyway: cooking time is way too long. I made my cookies thick and removed them early, and even then they were nearly burnt, at least to an undesireable bitter tinge.

Rating: 3
I used 3 cups of salted dry roasted pistachios (already shelled) and eliminated that whole first step. I used 1/2 teaspoon of almond extract in place of the rose water. I too pinched off pieces of dough, formed them into 1 1/2 inch balls and flattened them with an oiled glass dipped in granulated sugar. This elminated the need for rolling and re-rolling and dusting with confectioners sugar. They baked for 20 minutes and lasted a long time in a glass cookie jar. Perfect for the pistachio lover!

Rating: 0
There's no oven temperature listed? Thanks to John Bowen for clarifying the original recipe in Gourmet specified 300 F.

Rating: 3
I really enjoyed these greenish-tan cookies. They were chewy when fresh out of the oven and became crisp over time. However, the delicious end result doesn't justify the lengthy prep time. It took me at least 2 hours to slip the skins off the blanched pistachios. I didn't even attempt to roll out the dough; it was very sticky. I followed the advice of the reviewer John Bowen, but flattened balls of dough to approx. 1/8" (not 3/4") thick. The former was the dough thickness stipulated in the original publication of the recipe in Gourmet magazine.

Rating: 1
I was looking for a pistachio taste similar to that wonderful pistachio gelato in Florence -- didn't happen. My cousin said these cookies taste like dog biscuits. Also, this is a very time-consuming recipe if you have to shell and blanch the pistachios. I chucked them -- make something else instead.

Rating: 4
These are fantastic and subtle. I was too lazy to roll them out, so I formed 1 1/2" balls and flatened them to 3/4" with a water glass dipped in sugar. Well worth the effort, especially if you can find shelled and peeled pistachios.