Rating: 2
First of all, the recipe writer explicitly states "feel free to cut the amounts (of herbs) down", so if you find it too "herby", don't blame the recipe. I used the amounts as stated because I like the idea of having plenty of healthy herbs in my food. I also had some issues with the burgers sticking together. They seemed to stick well at first, but were cracking a bit in the middle. After baking one side for 15 minutes, they seemed to delicate to flip, so I put the oven on broil for the next 15, removing the foil covering. After they were cooked they did fall apart a bit when I put a couple into a whole-wheat pita bread (and added a pickle, tomato, ketchup, and mustard). But after they had cooled down a bit they did hold together, and they remained pretty moist (much better than the very dry tofu burgers I have purchased in the past). I do think the herbs come through pretty strongly (especially the sage) but when you add the regular condiments (especially the very vinegar-y mustard I had...) you can hardly taste them. I like the fact that this recipe has so many healthy ingredients. It could use some other flavourings besides the herbs though. Perhaps next time I will add more garlic and maybe a dash of soy sauce. I might try frying them as well.

Rating: 4
Don't agree with the prior reviewer. You need the strong spices to overcome the blandness. The tofu. Tofu is a flavor vehicle, after all. I've made tese burgers several times and enjoyed them. I don't go in for vegan food or tofu as a rule, but I really enjoyed these on a whole wheat bun with alfalfa and broccoli sprouts and Dijon mustard. Go heavy on the garlic and salt, and be sure to press out the excess moisture in the tofu, and ese burgers will hold together and form a firm patty. I suspect the prior reviewer didn't understand the recipe instruction to "press" the tofu. Place in between two pates on paper towels and press with a heavy weight to express the water. If you don't, the burgers are wet and all apart.

Rating: 1
Way too heavy in the dried herbs for my taste. Did not stick together very well so I added an egg. Even with that I had to be very gentle when flipping them.