Rating: 3
I have to take issue with both reviewers here; first of all, these are dessert pancakes, so I don't know what the big deal is about the whipped cream (which is actually much lighter than the thick custard!). Also, I don't know what size pan the first reviewer used, but I got 20 pancakes out of mine. You just want pan coverage, not any more than that. If you get hung up on a scant 1/4 cup for each one, you're going to simply use too much batter at a time. I probably used a full 1/8th cup per pancake (which really are as much crepes as I've ever had). The Pernod was a very subtle addition; the custard WAS too thick as the first reviewer said. I took my immersion blender to it and I think that's fixed it...about to serve it to hungry opera singers! Having returned from serving, one person claimed it was the favorite thing I had made yet; I still think I would cut back the corn starch to 1/4 cup and then take it off the heat a little sooner, as it was already firming up before it ever "boiled". Simple accompaniments, and very subtle. Elegant. And a nice crepe recipe to use in other applications...blintzes, anyone?

Rating: 2
was assigned this for our gourmet group...the pancake batter only makes 8 crepes...not 16...had to do it twice and if you look at the recipe you'd notice it says use a scant 1/4 cup but there is less than 2 cups total of liquid. Also it says to make the custard thick but it was too thick when it set...ended up "slicing" it...and no need to stain it. Overall good flavor...I used Ouzo. Just needs to be tweaked.

Rating: 0
I would just like to stick to custard topping. Wouldn't like to have cream(just like how pancakes are mostly served) because we all know that it's full of fat and if I have too much fat in the morning I sluggish the whole day. Is there another topping you could recommend? :) Thanks :)

Rating: 0
I will just stick to the custard but not the cream, too much fat I guess in the morning makes me sluggish the whole day. Are there any other cream aside from custard that you recommend? Thanks :)