Rating: 4
Delightful flavors and a really tasty appetizer altogether. This one was devoured more quickly than all the others. Make sure you use the right kind of sausages, though!

Rating: 3
I typically make my own sausages as do many folk where I live. It's simple, requires a minimal investment and typically lends to a better product. I think that our author must have messed up the recipe a bit. This is a typical german or perhaps Wisconsin way of cooking sausages imparting different flavors. Please try to amend the recipe by first simmering your cooked Knockwurst Weisswurst or Bratwurst perhaps up to 20-30 minutes. If you're using fresh Bratwurst(uncooked) ensure that it's heated well through in the beer mix. Knockwurst and Weisswurst are a smoke cured or cooked product respectively. After the simmer in the beer bath grill your sausages until done, the beer, apples and onion will impart flavor and help keep the sausage moist while grilling. Slice some nice seaded brat buns, put your sausages in them and ladle on some of the drained onions. I'd personally lather with a mustard of your choice but for the sake of your guests have plenty of ketchup around. I think you folk will change your impression of this recipe and re-rate it. The only reason I didn't give the author 4 stars is that he so messed up an ethnic jewel.

Rating: 1
I thought the beer made it a little bitter. There is a much better recipe on this site for Chicken sausages with apples and onions cooked in apple cider. Now that one is a keeper.

Rating: 0
The recipe doesn't specify how many sausages or how many people it serves. It looks interesting, but based on the other reviews I probably won't make it.

Rating: 2
We agree with the previous commentator. Bland. Even after we tried to spruce it up. We'll try one more time and use a sweet beer. We also added some hungarian paprika.

Rating: 1
This recipe is bland. Try this instead: Fry 1 very large (thinly sliced) onion in 2 Tblspns. of butter, just until the onions are soft & golden brown. Set onions aside. Place 5 or 6 pierced Bratwurst in the same pan, sprinkle with garlic powder, seasoned pepper & caraway seed. Pour 1 bottle of Hornsby's Draft Cider over Bratwurst. Cook on medium-high until cider is reduced. Continue to cook Bratwurst until a golden/rusty brown. Reserve any drippings for a peppercorn sauce. Serve with mashed potatoes, peppercorn sauce, onions & red cabbage. - Yum!