Rating: 0
I earned my living as a teenager and learned to cook German Cuisine from a lovely German War Bride named Regunda in Napoleon Mich during the mid 70s in a German restaraunt named "The Ulmer Spatz". Regunda was as athentic as a German Chef could be. There are too many egg yolks in this recipe possibly for the coloring? Also, just say NO to the nutmeg and let your guests add pepper if they want to.

Rating: 1
Being German myself, born and raised, I have to say, that I never had Spaetzle with nutmeg,-and I have eaten many Spaetzle at home and in restaurants. Also, I do not add pepper or just egg yolks to mine. My recipe for the dough only asks for eggs, flour, salt, milk, and a bit of water.

Rating: 0
I have not made this recipe, but I wonder if it calls for a 1/2 cup of butter (which is a 1/4 pound, not a 1/4 stick), or 1/4 stick, which is 2 Tbsp. That's a big difference.

Rating: 3
Spaetzle are delicious, but these have way too many egg yolks in it (I usually use 3 eggs per pound of wheat), and milk doesn't belong in them (must be that Spaetzle are from Germany and Wolfgang is from Austria). While they taste great pan-fried, you can omit this for saucy dishes. Also, they taste very good with whole wheat flour. If you don't want to invest into a Spaetzle maker, and the colander doesn't work for you, do it like the Swabians: Spread some of the dough on a small cutting board, then push slices of dough into the boiling water. Or even better: Get your husband or guests to do it! Enjoy!

Rating: 3
I'm definitely buying a spatzle maker! I tried every colander in my kitchen, trying to much this sticky dough squish through too tiny holes. I finally got the best results using a box grater. I put a blob of dough inside, then used my impeccably clean hand to mush it through and into the water. Messy as this was, I will defintely make this again. The flavor and texture are great, with a wonderful "mouth feel" We loved the buttery browned edges of the funny shaped noodles, and it was great with the brisket sauce of the accompanying recipe.