Rating: 1
I understand this cheese cannot be found in the States but mozzarella is about as close as the right consistency and taste as rubber would be. It's like putting mayo instead of foie gras in a recipe because it's easier to find. Cositanto is right. Call it mash potatoes with mozzarella but it's not French and it's not Aligot. Aligot is made with a specific type of cheese. Flavor and texture are wrong here. If you can find a firm cheese like gruyere, you may get closer but it still wouldn't be Aligot

Rating: 3
Wow cositanto, is you're going to be that much of a purist, it would be assumed you would know that it's creme fraiche, NOT creme fresh. If you're going to rant, get your information straight because you just come off as a nut. And read the header for pete's sake. Mozzarella was substituted because it's damn near impossible to find fresh tomme de cantal curds in the States. Which they did mention. If you have a source, by all means pipe down and do share. After eating aligot about 3 dozen times this summer in france including just about every night market in the south, I had really garlicky versions and more mild versions. Depended on the cook. Altogether, this recipe was a pretty close approximation. Authentic, not quite. Good, indeed.

Rating: 0
This recipe should be removed from the site or it should not be called Aligot. Aligot does NOT contain mozarella. What makes it special is the Tomme de Cantal cheese which gives it the nutty flavor. It does NOT contain horseradish. Where did they come up with that? It contains creme fresh, not heavy cream. It contains only a VERY light touch of garlic. One clove. If you want a real Aligot recipe look further on the web.

Rating: 3
I cut this recipe by a little less than half, by starting with a huge 1.29 lb. russet potato. The result filled eight 5 oz. ramekins and I feel this is a perfect individual serving size. They came out beautifully! Make certain to season well, and do not overfill. Placed the filled ramekins on a cookie sheet to put under broiler. Enjoy! KIMBER

Rating: 3
I see this dish as a basic recipe for many variations. E.g., I put some previously fried cooked ham or garneles on the bottom prior to adding the potato layer, and thus changed this side dish to a primo piatto. Also variations in the use of spices can create almost new dishes. Nutmeg may be a must in coalition with potato. One may also really use the grill prior to the topping with the horseradish cream.

Rating: 2
This dish had disappointing results, but I believe that was due to my inexperience with it rather than an inherent inadequacy of the dish itself. I made the potato mixture ahead of time and the mozzarella- which seemed nicely blended at the time- didn't homogenize very well the next evening when I reheated it. I'm going to give it another shot because I think it has great potential.