Rating: 3
I took others' advice and made this salmon with the beet sauce with the pan-seared seabass recipe elsewhere on this site. My comments on that sauce are found on that recipe, but note that I reduced the water by 2/3, which made an incredible difference and a thicker, sweeter, more substantial sauce. For this salmon, I recommend sticking with the recipe's panko rather than regular breadcrumbs. Panko is lighter and results in a flakier crust. The horseradish-panko mixture is perfectly tart in contrast to the sweetness of the roasted beets with balsamic vinegar. I served the salmon over a bed of couscous and sauteed spinach, and every plate was clean!

Rating: 1
After reading this recipe and noting that the 'sauce' is a broth I took the first reviewers advise and used the Beet Sauce from the Pan-Seared Sea Bass W/Beet Sauce, etc.(Gourmet 9/99). The Salmon with the Panko and horseradish is great and the carrots and brussel sprouts aren't bad but in general the sauce was bland inspite of using chicken broth for the water and the combinations just didn't work. Beet Sauce/Beet Broth will not be tried in this household again.

Rating: 1
My experience was not up to par with other reviewers. I used regular breadcrumbs; otherwise followed the recipe carefully. We usually love eclectic flavor combinations, but this one just didn't impress. Beet broth was weak; horseradish bitterness didn't enhance the salmon.

Rating: 3
We (husband and 2 adult children loved it. I like it because I can make it ahead and assemble at last minute. I'm making it again for a dinner party because one of the women will not eat meat, only seafood. Wish you would include an alternative for special breadcrumbs or tell why this particular type should be used. I just used regular unseasoned breadcrumbs and it worked fine. What did I miss?

Rating: 4
This was amazing...instead of the beet broth, I served the fish over the beet sauce and sauteed beet greens from the Pan Seared Sea Bass with beet sauce and beet greens recipe on this same page. It looked absolutely beautiful, and the sweetness of the beets was a great contrast to the hoseradish. I will make this again, and again, and again!