Rating: 0
Loved this recipe! Used Acorn squash instead of butternut and it was delicious! Just a few tips... - Note, if you use Acorn squash you'll need two of them. I just halved the recipe and it worked out great for my small household. - When I halved the recipe, just used 1 egg. I think the full recipe would work better with just 2 eggs since others complained it was too watery. - Added some sauteed sage to the batter - delicious - Took others advice and added a bit of flour (thank you!) and some extra breadcrumbs, and they stayed together perfectly! Yogurt Sauce: -Used Liberte Plain Yogurt and it was perfect -Adds a lot to the dish - don't skip it -Thought it needed a little acid so I added a small amount of lime juice and it was perfect -Did not add pepper - why does this recipe add pepper to everything? Leftovers: The latkes were not quite as good the next day as I hoped - definitely better when hot off the pan. I'd recommend reheating in a pan instead of microwave, or save the batter (pre-eggs probably) instead of the cooked latkes. Enjoy!

Rating: 1
made this for my cooking group have never added baking powder to a latke mixture.......tried forming patties and they didn't stick together, dumped it out and refrigerated mixture for hours........finally put it into a small baking dish (using the sauteed pine nuts and sage as a topping)......we'll see, but it doesn't seem like a good fit for me

Rating: 3
I only used half the amount of eggs called for, and I still had to add some flour to get these to a good latke consistency. Other than that, was great! A very good appetizer. Used plain sour cream instead of the yogurt sauce and it was a nice compliment.

Rating: 3
I made these as an appetizer for T'giving, and panicked when the first batch crumbled as I tried to fry them. I added 1/4 flour to the remaining batter, and they held together much better...nice and crispy and very tasty. I didn't think the yogurt-sage sauce had much pizzaz when I made it the day before, but served with the latkes, it was a terrific combo. The latkes were a bit greasy, so I made sure to blot them sufficiently following reheating before serving. They were filling, but served well in advance of dinner and were definitely more popular among adults than kids.

Rating: 3
I loved the flavor on these but as the previous reviewer stated, they were extremely fragile and hard to keep together. I wonder if there was too much moisture in the squash mixture? Anyway, they were delicious (loved the yogurt sauce too! I used lowfat plain greek yogurt) and will definitely attempt again.

Rating: 2
These latkes have an amazing flavor, and are very rich. But, unless our butternut squash was unusually watery, something is missing from the recipe to really bind the latkes together. We added flour after the first batch became crumbles once it hit the pan. Flour definitely helped, but these were still extremely delicate and fragile. Still, wonderful flavor.