Rating: 4
My 4 stars are for the radishes as I keep making them as a side dish. They've never failed to come out well for me. It does look a little scary at first, but 1/2 cup of water in a 10" skillet isn't that much when you think of everything the radishes soak up during the simmer. The butter helps the water to start "saucing" up while it simmers and then the final touch of mustard turns it all into a neat little side dish that you can make in 10 minutes for almost no effort. My dish is never watery (I've made these several times) and I've never had to reduce the sauce.

Rating: 1
Skip it. I had the same experience as the reviewers below.

Rating: 1
I didn't care for how the radishes came out. I left the lid off the pan while simmering and found that starting with 1/2 cup of water was fine and the sauce reduced down as one would imagine it should. Maybe I over cooked them but I think I'll stick with raw radishes in future as is my preference. I also made this with a flank steak which cooked a little longer then the recipe called for and came out divine.

Rating: 2
As the previous reviewer already indicated, the radishes ended up swimming in liquid when I made this as well - I would reduce the amount of water to start with. I don't know that I cared for this particular handling of radishes... the steak was great, but I won't be making this again.

Rating: 3
Delightful and surprising. Two tips: Because the steak is very chewy, slice very thinly on an angle across the grain. Also, the radishes ended up swimming in watery liquid. Next time I will remove the radishes and greens when tender, reduce the liquid, then return to the pan, toss, and sprinkle with the tarragon.

Rating: 3
This is a delightful and totally surprising recipe. I had never eaten radish greens and they are delicious. Because the steak is very chewy, slice it thinly on an angle across the grain. The radishes and their greens end up swimming in alot of thin liquid. Next time I will remove the radishes and greens when tender, reduce the liquid until syrupy, return veggies to the pan, toss to coat, and sprinkle with the tarragon.