Rating: 3
I made this (with a few changes) because I was looking for something to do with the tofu I had on hand, and I had almost no vegetables. I also had an open can of coconut milk and some coconut that was begging to be used, so this recipe seemed perfect. I cooked the tofu as specified and it came out crisp and pretty. I made the sauce as specified and it was tasty. I replaced the lettuce with rice paper and the carrots with 3 parsnips, and made little bundles. I like them quite a bit and will be taking them to school as a snack today. Like other commenters, I could not taste the coconut. I will be making the tofu again because there is plenty of marinade and flour mix leftover, as well as sauce.

Rating: 2
I was making an okra coconut curry, and wanted to substitute something for the scallops. This turned out okay. I just made the tofu, I didn't bother with the lettuce leaves or any of that. I heat the tofu and curry separately because I think the tofu's fragile coconut-flour exterior would fall apart if I heated it up in the curry liquid. This is NOT a great recipe. I would do it again, but I like to cook and don't mind putting a lot of time into something that turns out average. It's a healthy way to spice up tofu though, and I really enjoy eating it with my curry.

Rating: 2
Just do the tofu part of this recipe and use it any way you want (I served with steamed greens on white rice, using the dip as a sauce). In terms of the coconut, it helps to marinate the raw coconut with the tofu--it swells up.

Rating: 1
Thought this was terrible! Tofu stuck and it was very tart

Rating: 3
The tofu turned out good except that I didn't taste any coconut! Maybe its because I used low fat coconut milk, but I did let it marinate several more hours (due to a scheduling issue). The coconut also didn't seem to stick. Maybe it needed to be ground really fine? I'll cook my tofu like this again except marinate it in something stonger and make the coating with something other than coconut. The sauce was very good. Easy to make.