Rating: 1
i think this may be the only one-fork review i've posted on epicurious, which is usually so dependable. i second the other reviews that this recipe needs something. i tried my best, but just couldn't make this taste good. after 40 minutes, the potatoes weren't close to done, and the sauce had basically no flavor, though i doubled all the spices. so i doctored it up with lots of things--flavorful chicken broth, a splash of sherry, thinly sliced sweet carrots, even prunes. toward the end (it cooked well over an hour, probably longer) i tried mincing up some of the preserved lemon and cooking it in there, but either that or the lemon quarters made the dish extremely sour, and adding some honey didn't counteract it. basically, it was a wash. i'm hoping it will taste better after sitting in the fridge overnight, but don't have much hope. very disappointing!

Rating: 2
I made this with a clay tagine in the oven tonight, and while it was very nice, both my wife and I thought it was lacking something. We both agreed that it would make a very nice accompaniment to something like grilled lamb. Increasing the spices is a good idea and worth doing, but it still won't really stand up on it's own. Like I said, it was very tasty, and cooked slowly in the tagine (figure approximately 150% or more on cooking times in a 180°C oven), it came out just right. The excellent olives we used were the highlight for us. And indeed, preserved lemon is a very unique flavour, though using it as a garnish adds little. nhmb is right to distribute it through the dish. Oh, and I like to add more fresh herbs at the end of cooking, for colour and added flavour.

Rating: 3
The preserved lemon is important for this dish, and in Moroccan cuisine. I mince it to distribute the flavor throughout the dish. My husband and I really like this dish. I do add a little extra saffron for a bit more flavor and pretty color. Preserved lemons have lots of salt so take this into consideration when adding additional salt.

Rating: 3
The preserved lemon is important for this dish, and in Moroccan cuisine. I mince it to distribute the flavor throughout the dish. My husband and I really like this dish. I do add a little extra saffron for a bit more flavor and pretty color.

Rating: 2
Granted, I didn't have any preserved lemon, which I assume is a fairly integral part of this dish. After 1.5h, dinner was being served so I removed the potatoes and microwaved them for 3 minutes, which softened them up. I recommend at least tripling all spices except the saffron, adding some salt and pepper, and either leaving the dish to cook for hours (probably how it's supposed to be), or pre-cooking the potatoes a bit.