Rating: 4
The recipe was excellent as written. However, for those that paid in excess of $1.99/LB forget about it. I live in N.J. and the Shoprite(great regional supermarket chain) @ Somers Point, cut a 4 pound portion from a freshly opened cray-o-vac full breast and the cost was $1.49/LB. This is a "cheap" cut of meat and anyone that pays beyond $1.99-$2.49 is over paying.

Rating: 3
Very good results from this recipe. Our guests have spoken to numerous friends about how much they enjoyed the meal. I was obliged to modify the recipe because our local italian food did not have chicken livers in stock. I replaced them with the equivalent volume of their lamb and veal sausages. I removed the casings before sauteeing them. We will definetely be making this again. A small note to Callen from Dallas. The price of my 3 lb roast was $15.00 CDN (just under $5.00 a pound) I would suggest that there might be a butcher elsewhere in Dallas that will charge a lot less than the $69 for a 3 pound roast.

Rating: 4
Amazing and succulent. Did not change a thing in the recipe. Although I should have known better, I was surprised at how much the veal cost. It was $USD 69.00, for a three pound butcher cut. That is quite an expensive home meal in anyone's budget, but I guess it is worth it from time to time. We will be eating hamburger for a few days to make up for it! Ha ha.

Rating: 2
Made this for Christmas supper 2006 and was somewhat disappointed. I asked the butcher to provide me the cut as outlined in the recipe however when I opened the meat package at home it appeared to have a lot of ligament attached which I did not fully clean off. The stuffing was great (substituted pork sausage meat for the chicken livers ). I cooked the veal according to the recipe but it was not as tender as I expected, actually was rather chewy. Not sure what went wrong cooking process or the cut?

Rating: 4
This recipe is fantastic. The stuffing makes the dish, with a slight taste of foies gras. The combination of flavors is really good. I followed the recipe exactly I except we cooked it on the grill. Fantastic. The crispy bacon, and the smoked wood taste from the grill made it a recipe I will repeat often. We used a closed roasting pan for the first hour, then, cooked the breast on the grille next to the coals. When it's brown and crispy, it's cooked. Delicious.