Rating: 0
I've never made the torte but have made the sauce often. My husband always asks for it and we've used it on everything--the recipe makes quite a bit and we use it on brownies, with an apple walnut cake recipe, on ice cream, to dip apples and sometimes just to lick off the spoon. It's that good

Rating: 2
Well I'm a little bummed. After reading reviews I was anticipating a knock out, and instead I was disappointed. I followed the recipe exactly and I found the crust too thick and the fudge sauce too coffeelicious. If I made this again, I would use about 2/3 of the crust mix, and I'd leave the espresso powder out of the fudge. I think then it would be just right (for us!)..

Rating: 4
Delicious!! A lot of work time but well worth it. I found the fudge a little difficult to work with so I put it on the double boiler and melted it much easier. I also found that the sauce was extra. Hardly tasted it with all the good things in the torte.

Rating: 4
I made this recipe for our gourmet group. My favorite response was from a friend of mine who said "This is absolutely the best dessert I ever had". I followed the one reviewers advice of using 2 tsp vanilla and using toffee morsals. It was excellent!!

Rating: 3
I also made this for Christmas dinner and it was a big hit. The crust is absolutely wonderful. Next time I will not bother with the caramel sauce. The recipe made three times more than needed, and the dessert is so rich to begin with that the sauce is overkill. Next time I may also use a good quality purchased fudge sauce and add the espresso to it.

Rating: 4
Coffee and chocolate - is there a better combination? I served this dessert for Christmas dinner and it won rave reviews from all the guests. The taste is truly incredible. As a lover of fancy coffee drinks from Starbucks etc., it was like tasting one of those in a decadent ice cream pie. The preparation was a little involved but well worth doing the sauces and crust from scratch. I took a couple of shortcuts that didn't seem to affect the outcome - I used chocolate morsels instead of the baking squares and instead of breaking apart actual Heath bars, I used toffee morsels. Also, instead of springing for expensive vanilla beans, I just used two tsp. of pure vanilla extract in the caramel sauce. Another serving suggestion: Wait a little longer than 10 minutes for this dessert to thaw. It really needs about 15-20 minutes to be cut easily. Once it's cut, get ready to be bowled over. Can't wait to make it again!