Rating: 3
This is a very good recipe, but what really makes it sing is the soft simplicity of the very buttery apples and raisins in sharp contrast to the zing of the burnt caramel ice cream. And I took that caramel right to the smoke point. This is not an overly sweet dish; it's very buttery, so if you love that flavor, this is right up your ally. Just remember this is a Hungarian recipe, so it has a different aesthetic than a German recipe; as I was cooking down the apple mixture (which turned blueish in my cast iron skillet, interestingly...), I just had the same sense come over me as when I made goulash the first time. Maybe I'm overreaching with my associations, but this isn't about the sweet as much as it is about the same feeling you get when you eat homemade macaroni and cheese or other simple comfort foods. And then you roll it in baklava, and it takes it to another level as well! I pulled mine out of the oven and the sugar had melted and caramelized all over the baking sheet. I knew I was burning my tongue, but I didn't care as I just pried the stuff straight from the sheet to sample it. Oh, and they're not kidding about using the wax paper to help you roll it; you WILL tear the phyllo, otherwise. And you only need six sheets, so don't be like me and waste the others by not being conscientious and re-wrapping and refreezing the remainder! I'm not super experienced with phyllo, so I wasn't thinking about the possibility of leftovers until it was way too late. Make the recipe, but also make the ice cream; you won't be sorry! I had people nearly licking their plates...

Rating: 0
I was at a pot luck a few months ago and someone made two strudels. I asked where she got the recipe and she sent me to this one. Replace the raisins with cranberries and you can taste what she made, and what I have been making religiously ever since. This is one of the best strudel recipes I've ever had, and that includes the strudel at the "Old Vienna Strudel Company" in Culver City, L.A. I use 5 apples if they are large and also cut back somewhat on the sugar. It makes two rolls of strudel, not one.

Rating: 3
I agree with other comments that the apple filling, as written in the recipe, is too mild in flavor. I used brown sugar with the apples and added a bit of cinnamon as well. Didn't use raisins. Very good.

Rating: 2
This was good, but nothing special. I had left over phyllo dough and was looking for a strudel recipe to use it up. If I am going to take the time to work with phyllo dough and eat all the calories that go with the end product, I would prefer something that I would rate very good to excellent.

Rating: 4
Easily the best strudel I've ever had.

Rating: 0
Nothing against Elsie, but no one has reviewed it & yet it is on the "highest rated" list. ?????