Rating: 4
CONTINUED FROM MY REVIEW BELOW: I forgot to add that I did not add salt until the end and I just eye balled it to what I felt was an appropriate amount ( cut the recipe in half so I only added about 1/4 teaspoon salt, but then i LIGHTLY sprinkled sea salt on the tuna..)

Rating: 4
This was AMAZINGGGGG, it was like restaurant quality and so easy to make!!! for the tuna crust I added about a tablespoon black sesame seeds with the coriander and white pepper. But everything else on the recipe I kept the same. My boyfriend loved it too, it was his favorite part of dinner last night :) I am so impressed with how delicious this recipe is and cant wait to make it again!!

Rating: 4
This is now a family favorite! As the other reviews say, cut the salt. I think I quartered it. But the impperfection in the origional recipe doesn't deter me, I keep making this dish over and over! Also, I keep changing the greens. I use spring greens, green onion, radish and English cucumber to soften the spicy fish and love it each time. I've used both olive and veggie oil, and like the veggie best, but I just brush it on because it's not the important part. What's compelling here is the coriander and the white pepper against the Asian flavors in the dressing. Finally, I paired it with a Malbec - really amazing. The greens can be on the side if you decide to add rice to the dish. Fennel rice with golden raisins really contrast beautifully if you are looking for a twist on this. Really, amazing!

Rating: 2
This was ok but not great. I used half canola and half olive because I thought all OO wouldn't work well with those Asian flavors. I misread 1 T. of salt as 1 t.and so didn't suffer the same fate as the first reviewer. It was plenty salty but there just wasn't enough flavor in the dressing to carry all that julienned jicama.

Rating: 1
My first thought upon reading this recipe was 'a tablespooon certainly seems like a lot of salt for just one pound of tuna steaks'. I decided to stick to the recipe, though, and certainly regretted it. The tuna was incredibly salty and my husband and I ended up scraping the rub off as best we could. We felt it was a big waste of the beautiful sushi-grade tuna. The dressing for the watercress salad was quite good.