Rating: 2
I was disappointed. These were just okay. I took the advice of the first reviewer and only chilled the dough after I made the balls and pressed them into the cookie tin. But that is not why the recipe was just so-so. I didn't taste the Amaretto nor did I think the chocolate and almonds blended as well as they could. Perhaps both should have been chopped more finely.

Rating: 3
Yeah, they were tasty, but they were a bear to get out of the muffin tin, and I'm gonna have to soak that thing for two days to have any hope of getting it clean. Won't be making again.

Rating: 0
Very tasty, but be careful not to overfill the cups. If the filling hadn't boiled over, they would have come out of the pan much more readily.

Rating: 4
Made these for Christmas and they were a huge hit. Yummy & totally addictive. I made 1 batch & liked it so much that I made it again the next day & doubled the recipe. The balance of toasted almond flavor and chocolate was perfect--a nice change from the traditional pecan tassies. If you follow the recipe & chill the dough for 2 hours before rolling/molding it, you will need to let it rest for 5-10 minutes at room temperature or else it will be very difficult to work with. Also, I find a small offest spatula (the smallest size, useful for icing cupcakes and tartlets) to be the best tool for removing tassies from the tins without breaking or damaging them.

Rating: 3
I LOVE traditional pecan tassies, and it was nice to have a second variety on my Christmas party platter. However, I have a couple of recommendations. First, I think they need even more chocolate! So I would up the mini chips by at least half. Also, I'm not a huge Amaretto fan, so I cut that back by half (1 T instead of 2) and added 1/4 teaspoon of almond extract. Finally, you do NOT need to do all that chilling before, during, and after forming the pastry shells. If thoroughly chilled, the dough is too hard to work with, and I promise that the dough turns out very tender, flaky and GB&D without all the fussiness! Make the dough, form a dozen shells, then chill them as you're shaping the second batch. Then chill that pan as you're mixing up the filling and filling the first pan of dough cups. (I put the tins in the "blast chiller"--my front porch!) This worked great, and the shells held their shape and did not shrink. Delish! I have a picture on my little food blog if anyone wants to see and read about this recipe in more detail. Here's the link (scroll to the bottom of the post): http://lindseysluscious.blogspot.com/ 2008/12/party-hopping-tis-season.html