Rating: 2
Considering the effort that goes into this dish, I was underwhelmed by the output. I made it for a Caribbean-themed dinner night. Our guests liked the "soused" green figs and tomato coulis but everybody agreed the squid was a disappointment (no real flavor) (and I really like squid), and the conch buljol turned out to be basically just a pretty standard salsa by another name.

Rating: 4
We made just the squid and coulis. Excellent! My husband correctly pointed out that the coulis could be used to accompany many other fish or chicken recipes.

Rating: 4
Made this on a weeknight for my spouse's birthday - he loves squid. Slightly labour intensive, and tricky to keep track of the ingredients for the separate components, especially having done most of the prep the night before. Next time I'll try to be more organized. We really loved this dish, and although my husband had a bad cold with loss of appetite, he raved about it. We don't have a grill, so I oven-broiled the squid (and the tomatoes) very close to the heat, for barely a minute each side. I used the same cookie sheet (with foil liner) for the squid as I'd used for the tomatoes - the caramelized tomato juice added flavour to the squid. I imagine this would be even better with charred squid off the grill. I also substituted diced squid for the conch (dicing squid is a little tricky, because it's slippery, so allow a little extra time). Otherwise, I made the dish as is. It was delicious, with lovely presentation, and now I've found a new way to eat bananas -- as a savoury starch dish - - which I'll add to my repertoire for other meals, in addition to making the whole recipe again.

Rating: 0
To the Cook from St Thomas, while you're absolutely right that fig bananas and regular bananas are different, in Trinidadian slang the term "green fig" actually refers to green bananas which are used for cooking. I couldn't explain why any more than I can tell you why we refer to hanging out as "liming"!

Rating: 0
Fig bananas and regular bananas are two different fruits. Fig bananas are smaller and much sweeter with a thinner skin than the more popular banana. While bananas are great subsitutes for a fig, they are NOT the same.