Rating: 4
I have made these before - Feb. 2004, don't know why I waited so long to have them again, as we love to have duck. Yesterday I made Roast Duck with Port-Garlic sauce (Epicurious recipe) and remembered these little goodies. I tossed some of the shredded duck with a little of the sauce and heated up. What a great combination of flavors - and the lime just jumps every flavor up a notch. Won't wait another 6 1/2 years to have these again, that's for sure.

Rating: 4
This recipe was delicious! I love duck, but I will say that these tacos would have been just fine without any meat. It was the salad topping that really made these. Also, I served them with some black bean dip and refried beans, in addition to the sour cream and salsa called for. This will definitely become a staple!

Rating: 0
Well, I was looking for a creative way to use the duck breast left over from Christmas that has been sitting in my freezer. The recipe submitted by the other reviewer caught my eye and looked interesting. It was so bad that I ate cheese melted on a tortilla for dinner instead. However, my husband loved it and is looking forward to eating the leftovers tomorrow.

Rating: 3
I have yet to try this but have a wonderful recipe for Duck Tacos. Brush one large portabello mushroom with a combo of 2T.garlic minced and 4 T. olive oil.Make a picco de gallo and substitute Cilantro with fresh mint leaves.We like ours with fresh chopped Jalapeno.Grill the portabello and keep warm.Sautee 2 duck breasts until medium-rare. Allow to rest.Slice thin the duck breasts,and the mushroom. Put on warm flour tortilla top with mint salsa and goat cheese . Roll up and your in Duck Taco Heaven.I thought my friend was nuts the first time she served this to my boyfriend and I but we have it once a month!!!!

Rating: 3
What a great way to use l/o duck! I hadn't roasted the duck in Balsamic Glaze, instead I had some of the other sauce (soy, sherry, grd. anise, ginger root, hoisin) and drizzled that over the tacos with the lime. Nice combination of flavors.