Rating: 3
Good recipie if you want to waste a whole chicken,on making stock. Make less stock and utilize the remnants of a pre-roasted chicken from your local grocer or Sams Club. I made three meals for two out of the $5.00 Sam's roasted chicken, and used the remaining carcass to make the stock. Follow the recipie, but reduce water to about 6-8 cups. Simmer 2-3 hours, then strain and cool. I freeze stock in zip-lock bags, laid flat till frozen. After frozen, I can "file" them in freezer door shelves, like a filing cabinet. This is an alternative to freezing in ice cube trays. Zip lock bags freeze thin and easy to thaw, instead of cubes.

Rating: 4
I followed this recipe almost exactly. My only addition was a few sprigs of dill because that's the way momma made it. The result was, without question, the most flavorful white stock I have ever produced. It was beautifully rich and had tremendous depth of flavor reminiscent almost of a brown stock. This is now my official stock recipe.

Rating: 0
I liked this broth. One thing I found is that I had to cook it a good while longer than 3 hours to get it to a concentrated flavor. More like 6 hours. Also I added a parmesan rind for extra richness.

Rating: 2
I haven't made this one, just answering last reviewer's question. As a reviewer said, this is Chicken Broth. Broth/Stock are NOT interchangable, IMHO. Broth=bones w/ high meat to bone ratio and shorter cooking time. Stock=bones w/ low meat to bone ratio and longer cooking time. Stock usually calls for necks, backs, breast bones, wings, not whole chicken pieces as this recipe does. Stock has more gelatin from the bones. Stock takes longer to simmer to get all that gelatin out (4-6 hours usually). Stock will have a more concentrated flavor as a result and is more versatile than broth. Use the other four fork recipe for a real stock.

Rating: 0
I looked up stock and broth in Merriam-Webster because I am ignorant and didn't know the difference. M-W says they are interchangeable, so could someone more accomplished than I please tell me the difference?

Rating: 1
This is not a chicken stock, it is a chicken broth. It's irritating that the two words are interchanged so frequently. For a great chicken STOCK use the other 4 fork recipe and just ignore this one. Good luck!

Rating: 4
Great stock! Use for risotto, it makes a huge difference over canned broth.

Rating: 4
Perfect Chicken Stock. Takes time, but active time is minimal.