Rating: 2
I was expecting better results. The vegetables were great but the sea bass was very bland.

Rating: 1
i made this recipe exactly as written. there must be a typo for the amount of olive oil in the recipe. i believe that it should have read 1/2 not 2 cups. even though i drained the oil in the vegetables before serving, i felt as if the oil was still overpowered the vegetables. not very appetizing at all. i suggest that if you try this recipe, go light on the olive oil. will not make this recipe again.

Rating: 4
Fantastic! I cut back a little bit on the olive oil in the marinade and was sure to drain it well. Two cups is entirely too much. The recipe has you make twice the amount of vegetables that is really needed to go with the Sea Bass. I will definitely use the leftovers, maybe with some farfalle pasta and some feta for lunch.

Rating: 4
This is excellent and easy to make - I was pressed for time so I marinated the veggies at room temperature a few hours before serving and they were fine and very flavorful - I did not use as much olive oil as called for as I didn't want the veggies swimming in oil. I substituted yellow pepper for the green pepper for a milder taste. Rather than roast in the oven, I cooked the fish in a saute pan - approx. 10 minutes per side so that the fish is cooked through and crispy on the outside. Yum would definitely make again!

Rating: 4
Made this for company tonight. Fish was good but veggies were awesome! I used kalamata and some generic green olives. The recipe feeds four easily (servings are not specified). I served the fish on a bed of baby greens, then spooned the veggies over a bed of coucous with sauteed raisins, onions, and pine nuts. I'd make this again in a heartbeat.

Rating: 0
Made this for company tonight using white bass (Sea Bass is one of the threatened fish). The fish was good but the vegetables were outrageous. I have no idea why they tell you to make twice as many vegetables as you actually need, but I doubled the veggie part because I wanted to use them as a side dish. I served the veggies over cous cous cooked with pine nuts, onions, and raisins. Also served baby artichoke hearts in olive oil with garlic, oregano, and lemon. The entire composition was fabulous. Everyone raved. Definitely make this again. BTW, this recipe serves four easily (the recipe doesn't specify how many servings it makes) Oh yeah... I used basic green olives and kalamata olives. That's what I could find in the market.