Rating: 4
My sister and I always laugh about how epicurious reviewers give a recipe 4 forks and say how great it was right before they explain all the ways they changed recipe ... "I substituted shrimp for chicken," "I used applesauce instead of sourcream," "I added 2 cups of chocolate chips," ... so, know that I'm a little embarassed to do this. I was running short on time to make a two-crust pie, so I followed the recipe for the crust without changing anything, except I made it in my cuisinart and used butter from the freezer. I stuck the dough in the freezer while I tossed the fruit together. Here, I did change the recipe: I doubled everything -- fruit, sugar and flour -- and I used a deep casserole dish. I then rolled out the crust, making a top layer only. I placed the crust on top of the fruit, pinched the edges around the top of the casserole dish, and finished according to the recipe. I baked for 75 minutes and covered the edges with foil after thirty minutes in the over. It was GREAT and really fast!

Rating: 0
I won a pie contest with this one yestersday..I used Raspberries rather than blackberries because that is what I had on hand. I will surely make this again. The proof is in the prize!

Rating: 4
Ever since I found this recipe, I have made it every thanksgiving since!! My family loves it, and it has made me quite famous as a baker for Thanksgiving dinner! One suggestion to spice it up, add rasberries, they add a nice flavor, and you can always find them fresh to garnesh. Also, a nice homemade whipped cream, or vanilla bean ice cream tend to balance out the tart and make it perfect. The crust is heavenly, and to please both the sweet and the tart tooth, this is the perfect recipe!!

Rating: 3
Too Tart! I made it a second time with one cup of sugar and 1/3 cup of flour - more like a traditional apple pie - only with blackberries - then put in fridge after it came out of oven to stop it from cooking so the apples wouldn't turn to mush - it was MUCH better. I'll make it again - only with more sugar.

Rating: 4
My guests on St. Patricks Day loved this pie. I think the crust is what makes it special. I will make it again for my family on Easter.

Rating: 2
The dough is very sweet (almost like a shortbread) and the filling tart. I actually prefer it to be the other way around; sweet filling, regular crust. As pies go, it wasn't bad, but I probably won't do this one again.