Rating: 4
Do not pay attention to "mikulas4". It appears that he/she did not even make the recipe and is criticizing simply because of a perception that its not "authentic". Whether authentic or not, its delicious and easy to make - that's all that matters.

Rating: 4
This is a superb recipe. It is always a big hit as an appetizer and as a party dip. I've been asked many times for the recipe. Some tips: DO NOT use yogurt as a substitute for the quark. Yogurt is way too runny, it won't incorporate properly with the butter, and it will make a liquid mess. Quark is best; but if you can't find it, use a soft unripened cheese such as ricotta. If made ahead and refrigerated, you must let the liptauer stand at room temperature for an hour and stir before using - if used right out of the fridge it will be too hard and not spreadable. Do not spread it on warm toast - ensure the toast or crackers are at room temperature. If you spread it on warm toast, the dip will melt into the toast and you'll miss the creamy voluptuous texture which is one of the best features of this recipe. Regular or Rye Trisket crackers are a good substitute for rye toast. Be sure to also make the pickled red onions - the two recipes are a perfect match. Believe me, I've made this dozens of times and it is a keeper. I don't understand the 2-fork rating.... this is one of the best dips on this site.

Rating: 1
"Liptauer" from the name of Liptov, region in Slovakia. The cheese of Liptov is Bryndza, which is used in the original Liptauer cheese. You could substitute with feta chese or better with Macedonian Feta. This recipe is some kind of Austrian derivation, or Hungarian substitution of Bryndza with cottage cheese. In this recipe there are to many ingredients. Basic Liptauer should have butter, Bryndza cheese, onions or chives and paprika. Add other ingredients to your taste.

Rating: 0
Served as one of a half dozen hors d'oeuvres at a New Year's Eve cocktail party. Followed recipe to the letter. The results were exceptionally well received. Several guests asked for the recipe which I've added to my recipe file and will definitely use again!

Rating: 3
While the flavor was good, the appearance was nothing like the magazine photo. I tend to think this is the fault of the photography colors, because the dessert from this menu (linzertorte) also looked nothing like its photo. However the texture appeared different as well. I have been somewhat perplexed by this menu.

Rating: 0
It is interesting that the editors of Bon Appetit do not know that the cheese ingredient used for Liptauer is called "Quark" in German-speaking European countries, while in the US it is marketed and available under the name "Farmer's cheese". Even more interesting is that in other recipes for Liptauer found in older issues of Bon Appetit or Gourmet, the cheese called for is cream cheese or cottage cheese. And yes, Greek-style yogurt is somewhat similar to the quark, a.k.a. farmer's cheese.