Rating: 4
This is a keeper for my Thanksgiving recipe collection! Rich, flavorful and perfect for making turkey gravy using the drippings from your roasted bird to make your roux. Thanks for the delicious recipe!

Rating: 4
I make this every year as well, this is almost a tradition! The deep browning of the wings imparts a deep rich color and taste to the gravy. I do however roast the wings until they are very brown and crispy. I am a great believer in the idea that the darker you brown, within reason, adds a much richer deeper flavor. Just an opinion...

Rating: 3
I make this stock every year. Browning the turkey parts first gives the stock a rich, dark flavor and cooking the vegetables bring out their flavor. As an option, you could roast the parts and vegetables in the oven instead. Add this stock with some onions, celery and freshly chopped herbs to packaged stuffing for really great cooked in the bird flavor. It will also make the difference in your gravy. I think that it is worth the effort and the house has that holiday smell as it simmers.

Rating: 2
This recipe makes a perfectly adequate turkey stock, but I am not sure that browning the wings and other ingredients adds much to it. I have gotten similarly good results using them unbrowned. In any event, if I make this again, I will modify the technique slightly to make it easier to remove the foam and scum. After browning the veggies and before adding the water, I will remove them from the pot. I will return them to the pot after I remove all the scum. Otherwise, as happened when I followed this recipe to the letter, the veggies rise and float, making it difficult to get all the foam.

Rating: 4
This is a great start to any soup that requires stock. I made a double batch so as to have enough to use in 2 batches of Lemon turkey spinch soup (another great recipe from Epicurious). Canned stock just can't even come close to this stock; so fresh and tasty. Try it with and without the canned stock and you too will agree. A keeper.