Rating: 4
I made these cookies on 01.25.12 using some review helps from bethand from iowa (12.17.07). I made several modifications below, creating a very nice fennel/anise shortbread cookie. I made a double batch of dough that made 78 2tsp size cookies. I used all unsalted butter. I increased the baking powder 2-fold as well as the fennel seed, which I toasted in a dry skillet on high heat for 2 min. to release the aromatics, before grinding. I added the ground up spice to the flour mix instead of with the pinenuts. Since the pinenuts processed into a "chuncky butter" itself, I decided to cream this with the unsalted butter first, & found this step worked well. The sugars & vanilla then whipped up light & fluffy. After the flour mix was incorporated into the dough, it was very soft so I chilled it overnight. I used a 10ml Zeroll Disher (orange handle) to measure out 2tsp scoops of dough, which I then formed from a ball into a flat disk (1/4" thick) on silicone parchment covered jelly roll pans, using glove covered hands. Then with the reserved pinenuts, I lightly pressed 3 nuts decoratively onto the to of the flattened cookie. I baked one sheet per oven on the center rack for 19min without rotation. Cookies came out with a rich golden brown hue & a deep buttery, subtle anise/pignoli flavor. I let them cool directly on the parchment paper. They go well with a nice cup of Earl Grey Tea.

Rating: 4
These cookies may not be like traditional pigoli, but I have been making them for years and I LOVE them. I use all butter instead of part shortening. I bake them on parchment lined sheets, one at a time, in the middle of the oven, rotating half way. They are tender, delicately crunchy around the edges and slightly chewy in the center if not overbaked. If you make size them to yield 55 cookies, they will be quite small to start, about the size of a small grape. Finished cookies are a bit larger than a quarter; two bites if you have self control;). Fresh anise seed is important. I also increase the anise seed to a full 1 tsp. Yum. I'm sad to see one of my favorite recipies with only one star. Just goes to show you that you can't always judge a recipe by its rating.

Rating: 1
My father loves licorice and I had hoped to surprise him with some anise cookies. This recipe really failed me. I had no idea whether they would be crisp, moist, thin wafers (like fortune cookies are made), or more like shortbread. This is definely a shortbread kind of cookie, at least how they turned out in my oven. I can't seem to get them cooked correctly. Is there a missing liquid?

Rating: 0
My cookies came out entirely wrong. The texture did not taste like the typical pignoli cookie. I do look forward to making them again soon and hopefully this time they will come out perfect.