Rating: 3
well, just made this recipe and have a couple things to say: One is that this recipe (when you use search engine) comes up with a couple of differences in the amounts- this one says 5 lg eggs- others say only 2...I think there is a transcription error with 5. And also another version said that the 325 oven heat was for CONVECTION oven and they suggest 350 for regular oven- I concur on that. Also on the egg issue. I had sooo much dough from these amounts- so I am betting the egg is 2 not 5. Also the timing seemed to be too little - likely due to the egg count AND the lower temp. (I even saw a version where they say to set oven to 375- maybe the 15 min. works for that temperature?) This is very good tasting, but I would say, you don't need the butter before the cinnamon and sugar step. We tried them both ways, and my husband (total sweets freak) and myself both liked it better with just rolling the cakes in the sugar /cinnamon mix while warm no butter. SO good. Like the recipe but those few adjustments really do need to be made- maybe compromise with 3 eggs?? The eggy taste is nice. :)(must also divulge that we didn't have large eggs in the house, we had extra large, so that added more bulk as well, but I got double the amount of Golden Eggs as this and other recipes stated.) Enjoy this recipe just maybe make adjustments. :)

Rating: 3
I made these in a little silicone flower pan. They came out adorable. I wish the cinnamon sugar would have incorporated better but they were good. I froze them for 2 weeks and took them to an event and incredibly, they were better than when I made them fresh!

Rating: 4
I tried this recipe for a Sunday morning treat and it was excellent. The trick-whip the butter and sugar until light and fluffy in the stand mixer and whip after incorporating each egg. It takes time, but it is worth it. I watched Gesine makes these online and the whipping is the key-just be patient. Also I made mini bundts and muffins and we thought the bundts were better for some reason. Enjoy