Rating: 0
Many thanks to the cook who found 2nd half of the recipe...

Rating: 4
With Frazier's help, this was great. I didn't make the bok choi and didn't actually fry the rice cakes (just served alongside the fish), which saved time. I like the extra flavors stirred unto the rice, the homemade teriyaki and the fish was cooked perfectly

Rating: 0
Thanks to p frazier for relating the cooking instructions for the fish in his/her review. Couldn't have done it without your help. I thought this dish was excellent. i used a thick piece of ling cod and coked exactly as Frazier described. Yeow! The flavors were graet. the fish was tender and moist, not over cooked. Just great. I'll make this over ad over again.

Rating: 0
I found the missing instructions on the web: ... Preheat the oven to 400°F. Season each fillet with pepper. Spray an ovenproof sauté pan (preferably nonstick) with grapeseed oil and heat over medium-high heat until hot but not smoking. Lay the fish in the pan flesh side down (not the side where the skin was); you should hear a sizzle. Cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Turn the fish over and place the pan in the oven. Cook until the fish is just cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Pour half of the teriyaki sauce over the fish. The sauce will bubble and simmer. Gently turn the fish over and gently swirl the pan to coat the fish. Turn the fish over again. While the fish is cooking, finish the bok choy: spray a nonstick skillet with grapeseed oil and heat over medium-high heat until hot but not smoking. Place the bok choy in the pan cut side down and cook until deep brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the bok choy over and cook 1 minute. Remove the bok choy from the pan. To finish the rice cakes, spray a nonstick skillet with oil and heat over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Add the rice cakes and cook until heated through and golden on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Divide the bok choy halves among six plates. Place a rice cake and a fillet of teriyaki cod next to the bok choy and drizzle teriyaki sauce around the plate and over the fish. Sprinkle each serving with sliced scallions and sesame seeds. Serve.

Rating: 1
Sounds delicious, but...I was all set to make this recipe for dinner tonight- actually have all the ingredients on hand, then realized that some of the instructions are missing. There's no information about how to cook the fish! Too bad the editors missed this one.