Rating: 3
The roasted chicken was fantastic, but agree with the writer who says it definitely needed more time to cook (I put it in for another 10-12 minutes). The sauce was delicious -- too hot for my taste but my boyfriend loved it. Used Triple Sec as one writer suggested and it worked well. Served with blue cheese dressing on the side - a great addition, very complementary.

Rating: 0
This was very good. I made the hot sauce with white wine vinegar and Triple Sec instead of St. Germain (as suggested through an online search for a substitution). It was fun making a sauce I have bought all my life. The chicken was excellent but I wonder if a high-heat roasting would have worked just as well, without the added step of pan-frying the chicken? The breasts were not ready after 10 minutes, needing another 7-8 minutes to cook, but overall an excellent meal and we look forward to leftovers....

Rating: 4
Maybe its a NY thing--I loved this. I am a big fan of chicken and hot sauce, even married someone from Buffalo to get better wings. A bit of a pain to make the sauce but I thought it was great, though if I do again I will leave in some seeds for more heat, and I now have a large bottle of St Germain which cost me $33. We ended up using the left over to make a batch of wings with. It lost much of the floral qualities of the liquer and the habanero with time. Just had big family dinner at sister restuarant, Perry St, and they serve this with fried chicken. Everyone loved the sauce and one person asked for a side to put on his lobster!

Rating: 2
I was expecting a bit more wow from the sauce considering the expense of the ingredients. I think it could be made with some white wine, a pinch of sugar and regular white wine vinegar or maybe even apple cider vinegar and be just as tasty! It was however a good use of the abundance of habanero chilies from my garden and I do have sauce leftover to use on some grilled pork, fish or shrimp. It is a good way to "roast" chicken.

Rating: 4
Prepared this recipe as described. Got rave reviews. The chicken was crispy on the inside and juicy on the outside. The sawcw was amazing. The recipe yields a lot of the sauce but I saved it and will be using it on sadwiches throughout the week. This is a keeper.