Rating: 4
This was delicious! I only have a 10" tart pan, the dough rolled out just fine for it. After reading other reviews I was a bit concerned about a skimpy filling, especially with using a larger pan then called for, so I doubled it. I'm glad I did. A good amount of the liquid boiled over in the oven (don't skip the foil!) but the filling that was left was perfect. If you want something like the picture...you may have to triple the filling.

Rating: 4
This is fantastic. We just finished it. A basic, elegant and delicious dessert. I had more than enough walnuts and filling for my 9-inch pan. Your filling will be even with the tart shell. It will not pile up like in the picture. I think the reason being is that if you look at the picture and take into account the proportionate size of the walnuts to the tart pan, it appears that they used a mini tart pan, whereas the recipe calls for a 9- inch pan. I think they took creative license with the pic for better asethics. I was worried the filling would be too sweet, but it was a perfect balance with the subtle tart shell and walnut flavors. In the future, I will tent with tin foil from the beginning. Give this a try. Perfect for after dinner with an espresso.

Rating: 4
When I saw this recipe I realized I had everything on hand. I decided it would be lovely for Mothers Day. It looked just like the picture and the entire family loved it. Not as sweet as a pecan pie with a delectable crust. I will definitely make this again.

Rating: 2
I agree that the walnuts were pretty sparse. It seemed too sweet and too crunchy. I had high hopes for this one and was a little disappointed.

Rating: 3
The tart was yummy but was a bit sparse on the walnuts for a walnut tart, and looked nothing like the magazine picture. To get a luxurious heap of walnuts, you would need to double the amount of walnuts, I think. Also, why the 2 Tbsp. of sugar sprinkled on at the end? This does not need more sugar, and it did not bake in but just sat there on top.