Rating: 4
Unlike the other person, I actually made this recipe. I have asked for the other one to be taken down as it's a critique of the equipment needed rather than of the recipe. I got my siphon (yes, I bought it specifically for the recipe) for well under the price mentioned, as in order to make CUTTING EDGE cuisine you need CUTTING EDGE equipment. And it's really not all that special; we had a smaller one in my family for years and years for whipped cream. But I digress... I decided to scrape the vanilla bean and then throw it back in after the first straining, as I really love my vanilla, and after spending five bucks on a single bean, I wasn't about to throw it out after only 15 minutes of steeping! Ok, so there's my one complaint. This was my first foray into foams, so I wasn't sure what to expect. After finishing making it, put the fancy tulip tip on my siphon, pointed it over a martini glass, and then I had a mini-explosion of custard that sort of went all over my kitchen! So just be very careful at the beginning, as it's possible a little custard has stuck right at the exit point of the bottle during the chilling process. Actually, now that I think of it, it doesn't say to shake it until right before dispensing, so that's probably my fault, too, but be careful, anyway! It was a delicious custard, and the NO2 made it so light and airy. It almost melted on your tongue. I don't know how close to actual "foam" this comes, but on my first "sub-orbital flight" I would count this a success worth repeating. Enjoy. (Hint: Best Whip makes 2 pint siphons that sell around or even under $40. www.bestwhip.com)

Rating: 1
El Bulli outside Barcelona has a reputation of being THE IT PLACE for cutting edge european dining. It is next to impossible to get reservations there so I was especially glad to see a recipe from Chef Adria in this forum. I love Cream Catalana but am not thrilled this recipe calls for a siphon in order to prepare it. A quick Net search shows the least expensive siphon runs roughly $60 while some of the higher end siphons run nearer 80 euros and up. I will leave the cutting edge cuisine to people who can afford it, like Chef Adria. This was delicious right up until I needed the siphon. C'est la vie.