Rating: 2
i agree that the recipe is vague, especially when it comes to what to do with the brine liquid - why does it tell you to save the liquid when you're not going to do anything with it? also, are you supposed to rinse the veggies after draining? recipe doesn't say, but i learned the hard way years ago: yes! rinse them, and then rinse them again, unless you want the saltiest pickles ever. also, why does this recipe exclude tumeric, a staple of homemade pickles? finally, i think the diff between cooking your veggies or not is one of preference - if you like your pickles crunchier, don't cook the veggies, and vice-versa. just my thoughts. i suggest taking a perusal of www.canadianliving.com for much more detailed recipes re. pickling, and you can fill in the blanks for this recipe from there.

Rating: 3
These are delicious but I also found the recipe confusing. Comparing it to other B&B pickle recipes, is it possible that a step has been omitted? The other recipes called for adding the (brined, drained) squash to the hot pickling liquid, BOILING FOR 5 MINUTES, then spooning the pickles into hot jars, topping with the hot pickling liquid. I tried it--better liquid/solid ratio and maybe safer, too.

Rating: 4
I made these about a week ago, wanted them to sit a bit before opening. They are fabulous! I have a problem with sugar but not with maple syrup, so this recipe is idea for me. I bought dark maple syrup at my local farmers market. I agree with another reviewer that the instructions are a little vague here and there, but I found the amounts to be just fine. I'm a long time canner, and I knew to pack those jars tight with the sliced squash, which means less liquid required. Also, be careful that you don't cook the vinegar and syrup too hard, which will reduce the amount. It was pretty nip and tuck, but I had JUST enough liquid for the six pints. Also, the directions presume you know about cold pack canning and would know to cover the jars completely with water, to hand tighten the lids rather than using any kind of instrument on them, etc. If you want to try this recipe and are new to canning, I suggest you get some info on canning before you tackle it. This site isn't too bad for general info on cold pack canning. http://www.pa-roots.com/clearfield/cookbook/coldpackcanning.htm, These pickles are certainly worth the effort, and a great way to use up those zucchinis that just won't stop coming!

Rating: 3
The taste is wonderful, but the directions are vague re: water the zucchini is in. I did not add the water to the syrup and did not have enough syrup for 6 pints. I would make at least half again as much syrup. Pickles are not crunchy, but the taste is great!