Rating: 3
I modified this recipe just a little to suit what I had on hand...margarine instead of butter, carton OJ, and 2 T. of black sesame seeds. After mixing the batter, I transferred it to a gallon storage bag, squeezed out the air, and let it sit in the freezer for almost 2 hours. Then I cut the tip and squeezed the dough out onto the matted sheets. I didn't have success making large cookies...the middles would not bake as quickly as the edges, and would burn if I let them, so I made smaller cookies and ultimately made fat strips which baked much more uniformly into crisps. They have a nice blend of sweet/tangy, and will suit my oriental style dinner quite well, I think. Probably 50/50 shot I'd ever make them again. Oh, and I baked them from anywhere between 12-14 minutes, depending on the size I was trying for.

Rating: 0
I always follow a recipe to the letter the first time, and I did so with this one. Chilled the dough overnight, used slightly under a tablespoon-size scoop, spaced cookies 3 inches apart, set the timer for 15 minutes and checked in 13. The dough spread to cover the entire silicone-lined cookie sheet. This is a case where I should have followed reviewers' advice the first time out!

Rating: 2
Those cookies are good. However they really spread. Even with one teaspoon dollops they spread to about 3 inches. And the baking time needs to be reduced to about 8-10 minutes at about 325 degrees and closely watched, as they burn quite easily. I only give 2 stars, since the instructions were inaccurate - I burned the first batch, even that I checked them slightly more than halfway through the recommended time. Not sure if I'll make them again.

Rating: 4
I decided to try these because I've recently been searching for ways to eat more sesame. Substitutions: regular, lightly toasted sesame seeds instead of the black ones; only 150 grams of sugar instead of the 200 the recipe calls for; freshly squeezed apple juice instead of the orange. The cookies came out a bit too sweet for my taste, but they are oh so delicious! To say the batter spreads like crazy is a mild understatement. I'd say go for teaspoon size dollops, they work better (as I saw in the second baking sheet). The cookies were done in about 12 minutes, so keep an eye on them. Next time I'll try them with a bit more sesame. Overall - wonderful recipe, will definitely make again!

Rating: 0
Also, can this be made with gluten-free flour and have the recipe survive? Thanks!

Rating: 0
no review yet, but a question - Wondering how these would work with a sub for the orange juice... like say, bourbon, or orange liqueur... or a mix of juice and liqueur... just askin. thanks.