Rating: 3
Actually 3.5 forks. The others are right - reduce the vinegar and sugar each by 1/3. Then, to avoid a really soupy chutney, let it simmer on the stove for hours - hey, what's your rush? Let the liquid cook down, giving a deep stir every 15 minutes. Make sure to "scrape" the bottom so the sugar doesn't carmelize there and burn. The final product should be deep golden brown, somewhat syrupy and fantastic. You know it's ready when you want to just eat it off the spoon by itself.

Rating: 2
I made this recipe with a bumper crop of apricots from my tree. I also thought it vinegary when I initially tasted it and I followed directions to the letter. If I were to make this recipe again, I would lessen both the amount of vinegar and sugar so that the ripe, full flavor of the apricots would come to fruition in this chutney. Good first try, however. I plan to give this first batch to friends and family as gifts this upomng winter solstice.

Rating: 2
HELP! With a plethora of apricots from my tree, I decided to make this recipe last night. I'm not satisfied with the results and I'm wondering if anyone can help. 1) WAY too vinegar-y ... is there any way to "doctor" it before serving? (I cannot tell a lie, I only had 3 c cider vinegar so I added 1c balsamic to make up the difference since that was all I had) 2) Too runny - is this just the recipe? I'm used to more globby prepared chutney. I'd appreciate any help on this since I'm stuck with 8 jars of it!

Rating: 4
This Chutney is excellent. I made this and gave it away as Christmas gifts. My friends loved it. I serve it with meats such as pork roast, turkey, and I even eat it on toast. It is really yummy.

Rating: 4
Yes, Brian, this is a fabulous recipe - although I cut it in half because I was serving only 3 people. I'd make it again and again. I know about dry-frying spices, and it definitely increased the flavor added to foods. My favorite "dry-fry" spice is cumin seed, which then goes in to a cauliflower soup that's flavored with lime as well. But I digress...this chutney is going into my recipe file.

Rating: 0
I haven't tried this recipe yet, but it looks very interesting. I am in Culinary Art classes at Grand Rapids Community College. We have a wonderful program that offers many possibilities. In the class I just started, we made chutney yesterday. We used pineapple and raisins. It was delicious so I am very anxious to try this recipe and yes I will write back and tell you how it was. Also in my class we are making cures and brines to make Lox and smoking meats. A tip that I have learned and that I would like to share to everyone is about spices. You should never put raw spices over cooked food. A good idea in this recipe is to 'dry roast' the whole spices. Then you will use cooked spices. The already ground ones don't matter as much. To roast them you would used heat and agitation to bring the esencial oils to the surface of the spice. Then the flavor of the spice increases emencely. Sautee the whole, raw, dry spices in a small frying pan until you can smell them without burning them. Then you put them in a 'sachet' like cheese cloth and with butcher string tie it to the handle of the pan of Chutney. Pull them out when the chutney is done and you will have 20x the flavor. Just something I learned in the first day of class. Good Luck and I will let you know what I think. Bryan Hageman, age: 19, 2nd year at GRCC Culinary Program. Please write back to tell me what you think.