Rating: 4
Easy, delicious, and therapeutic! I had to make some substitutions, as I was out of both white wine vinegar and saffron. I omitted the saffron and used lemon juice in place of the vinegar. I also added a bit of salt and pepper, and used cooking liquid in place of the warm water. I found the garlic quite mild--but then I am a big fan of garlic, and also am suffering from an awful cold. For the reviewers who found the garlic overwhelming, I might suggest first, making sure that the garlic is well-cooked in step one (mine was very soft, almost as if it were roasted), and second, of course, just adding it in one clove at a time to taste. For the reviewer who found the vinegar overwhelming, from my experience in making vinaigrette I'd suggest adding a bit more sugar to subdue the acidity. Quality also counts in a simple recipe like this one. Of course, you could also try substituting lemon juice and see what you think of that! This was the centerpiece of a really nice brunch for me, and it definitely helped open up my poor clogged sinuses.

Rating: 0
This sauce was not even close to usable! The garlic was sooooooo HOT that it couldn't be enjoyed. I only hope that there was a misprint to use TEN garlic cloves. Perhaps the garlic should be baked first to soften the flavor and only add one clove at a time to taste.

Rating: 4
MISSING THE POINT. This recipe clearly has two parts, the microwave instructions and the sauce. Now, if you are not sure that you will like the sauce, go ahead and make it and test it. If you do like it, then use the sauce. If you don't then throw it away. The VALUE of this recipe is this, it provides a technique to cook artichokes in a microwave. I have a fairly small kitchen and only one oven, a four burner stovetop plus a rice steamer and a slow cooker. If I can find a way to cook a dish that doesn't require my oven or stovetop, this is a really GOOD THING. Artichokes are one of the few foods that really take to microwave cooking. The trouble with microwaving is that it tends to just drop a nuclear bomb on the food and blast it until it is limp. Artichokes are naturally so tough and fibrous that they can stand up to the microwave. I tested the microwave instructions and they are good. I can now plan on serving artichokes at an upcoming dinner party and it will not interfere or impeded preparations going on in my oven or on my stove top. As to the sauce, there are 10,000 sauces and dressings that might go well with artichokes. Try lemon butter or just your favorite salad dressing.

Rating: 1
I only hope i made this incorrectly because I cannot imagine that such an awful recipe would be published.

Rating: 3
I use this recipe every time I buy artichokes because it's so EASY and FAST. A single, large artichoke (1/2 the recipe) takes about 8 minutes in our microwave. I usually leave out the saffron, as it's expensive and the taste doesn't suffer from it being gone. Clean-up is really quick, too.

Rating: 1
All together way too vinegary. I was hoping for a recipe that didn't include lots of mayo, but this wasn't it. Perhaps adding olive oil would help