Rating: 0
I made this recipe years ago when it first came out. I loved it and so did my family. It's easy and elegant, marvelous with raspberries or strawberries in any form. I am a Scot and do have an Aunt Margaret so maybe it was a given I would enjoy it. I have always noticed when visiting they enjoy a small size cake that can be eaten without leftovers. I couldn't find it in my mess of a recipe file so was pleased when I was able to find it through the web page.

Rating: 4
I had cut this recipe from the magazine some time ago and finally took the opportunity to make it. I am so glad I did so before I read the reviews! It was wonderful. I followed the recipe exactly using an 8" springform pan because I didn't have a cake pan. It was only an inch or so high but it was soft and I had no difficulty slicing it. I served it to friends, one of whom is Scottish. She recognized it immediately as a favorite dessert in Scotland, made by her grandmother and served often for tea. We all thought it was delicious. I will make it again often. Thank you Aunt Margaret!

Rating: 1
Woe is me because I got out my ingredients and made this recipe WITHO

Rating: 1
This is the worst recipe I have come across, ever. The cake was not even 1/2 high - far too sweet - nothing to bite into, and the frosting was far too sweet as well. What a waste of money... Who the heck is Aunt Margaret anyway? And, why the hell do they put such disgusting recipes in their recipe files? Epicurious, or Gourmet, could not have overlooked how disgusting this cake is, if you can, in fact call it a cake. Don't they try out the recipes first before "cavalierly" throwing them our way? Well, I am a good cook and, have experience. I did make this in a hurry, but so what, I followed the instructions to the tee. DISGUSTING, DISGUSTING - I am so angry that they include such garbage - do they think we have nothing better to do with our time?????? I am so angry because there was nothing good about this cake!!!

Rating: 0
Help--what did I do wrong?? I had big plans for this dessert and the cake got only 1/2" high--pretty difficult to cut it in half horizontally!!--and besides it was hard!! Could my cornstarch have been too old. What is in this recipe to make it raise? Any suggestions, I'd like to try it again. DHan42@fishnet. com

Rating: 3
With only a jar of lemon curd at hand and a few kitchen staples, this is a great no-pain dessert - fast, easy, light and fluffy, suitable for children and adults, great lemony flavor. Goes well with berries. A keeper.