Rating: 3
I liked the ease of preparing this recipe the most. I cook Indian food regularly at my home but they tend to have a long list of ingredients and tons of dishes to be done afterwards. This recipe was just the right amount for both. This dish tasted fine it just needs a bit of salt to help bring out the flavors that the cream sauce tries to hide. One thing you have to remember about this dish is it's a Bengali Style recipe. Bengali food is different from the typical Indian(Punjabi)food we normally have here in the states. While I never had a curry dish this creamy when I was in West Bengal, it does remind me of flavors I once tasted in that region. I suppose that why it's Bengali Style. I really think adding salt was the key.

Rating: 3
Funny how one reviewer says this is bland and one says the spices are overpowering! For me the spices were just right. I left out the caraway and used yellow onion and served over rice. I also cooked the onion mix longer than directed. I think it would be good with any bland white fish that is firm enough not to fall apart when frying and mixing with curry. Fast, easy and good leftover!

Rating: 3
Delicious, I found this recipe quick and easy. I had trouble finding black mustard seeds and substituted yellow instaed.

Rating: 2
So, interestingly and unlike the other reviewer, I found this recipe to NOT be as flavorful as I was expecting. It was good, but not great. The only alterations I made was light cream for heavy cream, and yellow onion for red. I really like Indian/African/Thai too, but unfortunately don't cook it enough to know what I'd recommend adding to this dish. For someone with more experience in that type of cooking, I imagine this recipe could be a good base and a great recipe with some seasoning additions/alterations.

Rating: 1
Prepared exactly as written. This dish was almost inedible. Served with Basmati Rice. The spices completely overpowered the tilapia. I worked for 1 hour on the prep, and have cooked many Indian/Thai/African curry-based dishes, and this one was just awful. Was expecting a sweet-hot-spicy dish (see recipe for Thai Red Curry Fish Stew). We took two bites and threw the rest in the disposal. Has the Epicurious staff checked this out before including in the website...no harm, no foul as 95% of the recipies I have cooked from this website have been winners.

Rating: 0
I wonder what other fish would be good in this recipe? It looks good but we don't do tilapia.