Rating: 3
Fantastic pasta -- I only gave it three forks because I made an improvement with the frozen leftovers -- yep, just toss those suckers on a baking sheet in the freezer, and bag when they harden, pull them out when you're ready for a tasty supper -- an impromptu parmeggiano cream sauce. Added a generous glug of cream to the butter, and grated parm on top then stirred the pasta in the sauce. Delish (if rich!) ps.Disregard the stove top stuffing review, it's probably the sage that threw them for a loop...

Rating: 4
Absolutely delicious!

Rating: 1
I'm glad I'm one of the first to review this recipe so that my fork rating may actually have an effect on those of you considering this recipe. People...please, do not waste your time. This dish is fairly time consuming and the pay-off just isn't there. The filling in the capellacci tastes little like butternut squash and a great deal like mushy stove top stuffing flavored with parmesan cheese. Really...it's very similar. And the brown butter sauce just doesn't support the pasta. Plain old extra virgin olive oil would do just as well and take a lot less of your time. That being said, I don't think that such a substitute could save the base cappellacci. If you want to do a stuffed pasta, just stick with classic ravioli and tomato sauce. If I save just one person from wasting 2 hours of their day or night by writing this review, it will be worth it. Please...look for a different recipe. Hopefully you will find something more worth your time.

Rating: 4
I have been wanting to make this ever since I spent some time in Ferrara, Italy several years ago. It was exactly the flavor that I was looking for. I used store bought wonton wrappers and they were very tender and perfect.My family loved this. I will definately be making these again.

Rating: 3
Used store-bought butternut ravioli--good dish. To the cook in Asheville...The pasta procedure is in a link in the recipe. :)

Rating: 0
Who forgot to put the pasta dough procedure in the recipe? As a professional line cook not a problem for me. Other wise I love this recipe. Butternut is a favorite food.