Rating: 4
I thought this recipe was great! Don't feel pressured to use all of the panko or mayo mixture on the chicken, it will turn out great even if you don't. And after reading reviews of people having trouble getting the coating to stay on the chicken I decided less would probably be more. The slaw was very yummy, I don't think I added the full 4 cups of watercress (mostly because I was hungry and trying to get it finished!) You could probably go with a premade blue cheese dressing if you wanted to save time. My hubby and I ended up eating everything :) My advice is go with your gut on this recipe and it will turn out great! YUM!

Rating: 3
I am just reviewing the chicken, didn't make the slaw and hubby can't have dairy - so I just used bottled Blue Cheese dressing on the side. This recipe was great. I followed jecoco's advice and touched the chicken as little as possible. My process involved covering only one side of each chicken breast with mayo/panko at a time, and then placing it coating-down in the pan. After it was in the pan, I put the remaining mayo/panko on the other side and found that by doing this the coating didn't get messy and everything seemed to stay exactly where it was supposed to. Hubby and I both agree, to have the 'real' buffalo chicken flavor, you really need more hot sauce. We used Louisiana Red Dot Roasted Pepper (what we had in the pantry), and it just didn't seem hot enough. It was almost as if the mayo neutralized the hotness. I will probably double the sauce next time. But make no mistake, there will definitely be a next time. It turned out great! (Perhaps the person who had problems with oil actually used oil in the pandon't use any! But definitely use a nonstick pan.)

Rating: 3
Getting a thick coat of panko onto the chicken takes some care, but the trick after that point is to handle the chicken as little as possible: put it in the pan, and let it be until it is time to flip. You may have to "reconstruct" some of the shed crust if you have an unsuccessful flip. A very delicious recipe, though, and fast! I'm not a fan of fried chicken, but found this fantastic. The sauce and side salad are also great.

Rating: 3
I didn't have any panko in the house and made this recipe with the Italian breadcrumbs I had on hand and the chicken turned out utterly delicious.

Rating: 0
The mayo-panko crust method does not work. Any bits that did manage to get crusty in the pan (instead of just soaking up with oil and turning into a batter) then slid right off the chicken when I went to flip it. Not fun.

Rating: 1
Was anyone able to get a good crust on this? Even though I immediately put the coated chicken into a very hot pan, I found that the panko soaked up the mayonnaise and turned into a soggy mess. I will stick to the tried and true method of coating chicken with egg and then panko for a perfect crust every time. The blue cheese dip is great and leftovers are great with a beef burger. The slaw needs a better dressing than just vinegar.