Rating: 4
I made this today and it turned out great. I have used other caramel sauce recipes that have failed, but it was due to me not paying attention at crucial moments.

Rating: 4
MMMmmm, yummy! I successfully made a batch after burning my first. But it was my fault (I started hanging curtains) and I'm glad it happened because my nose instantly knew when I should have run back to the pot and taken it off the heat, I just waited a bit too long. Second time, perfection! Stirred in a little dark rum and vanilla after the cream. My only thought, you might want to warm the cream before adding to hot sugar, it seized up a bit with cold cream.

Rating: 0
mismail1 - don't give up! The directions she give to "cook the caramel to a dark amber" have to do with the flavor of the finished caramel. The darker you get that sugar during caramelization, the darker and deeper the color and flavor of the finished sauce. The terms you reference with the glass of water has to do with the texture of the finished sauce; soft ball, hard crack, etc. - basically to what temperature you cook the caramel after the cream has been added if you're making firm caramels rather than a sauce. Two completely different things. So as the sugar is caramelizing, have everything ready to go. As soon as it gets to a dark amber color pull it off the heat and add the other ingredients. This is a good basic sauce - stick with it.

Rating: 1
My second attempt at this came out even worse than the first. It would be more useful to have some guidance about testing the caramel using ice water rather than the subjective color descriptions "medium tan" and "dark tan" used in this recipe. I wouldn't recommend trying this recipe unless you already have know how to make caramel sauce (in which case, you probably don't need this recipe anyway).

Rating: 2
First time out, I took it too far and had to add water and throw it out (but didn't waste the cream). The second time, I was more careful. Didn't let the sugar/water mixture darken as much. Came out too thin and light. Will have to try again.