Rating: 0
Don't expect huge flavor with this soup. But if you're looking for a subtle, tasty starter to add vegetables to your diet, this is quite good. I used darker yellow squash, extra leeks, ground corriander (also extra), chicken stock and sour cream.

Rating: 3
Really enjoyed this soup  I doubled the recipe exactly as written, used newly purchased coriander seeds, TJs low sodium vegetable broth, and the zest in the crème fraiche came from organic lemons (otherwise you get a zest that tastes of wax and chemicals). Served it cooler than room temperature, but not ice cold and thought the flavor was lovely. Great use for the abundant yellow squash from the CSA.

Rating: 2
Kind of put me off a little bit when chilled... much better warm. Bland-ish, but easy to make... if I made it again it would probably an accompaniment to something more interesting.

Rating: 2
Okay but I doubled the amount of leeks since others said it was bland. I also used homemade chciekn stock instead of vegetable broth and the soup was still bland. I think it tastes better warm than cold but it is a good summer soup either way.

Rating: 3
served it warm -- and I found it too salty -- will use salt more judiciously next time around. Also didn't really like the grated lemon zest in the sour cream -- would eliminate that too -- or maybe just substitute a bit of lemon juice for the zest.

Rating: 3
I loved the lemon creme fraiche with this soup! It added a lot of demention to it. We had it warm which I think made all the difference. I would recommend not chilling it.

Rating: 4
I enjoyed this soup and though it was very good. I didn't calculate time for chilling... so it was enjoyed warm and think I prefer it that way. The lemon creme fraiche addition is very nice.

Rating: 1
I was hopeful this would be a simple yet tasty summer soup. It was really bland! I did end up adding lime zest, lime juice and fresh cilantro to the original recipe and it made it taste much better. So as written, I wouldn't make it again. But adding the zing and zip of lime and cilantro, I would.