Rating: 0
Thanks to the cook from Reno who provided the alternate recipe. I tried it instead of the actual recipe and was fantastically pleased. The corn meal added the perfect crunch and the spices were delicious. I'll be using the recipe again in the future, and as a coating for fried potatoes as well.

Rating: 3
This was my first frying experience and it went okay. I thought these were pretty good. I definitely had issues with the batter not sticking but double dipping seemed to help. I reccommend splitting the batter into two bowls. After a while, the batter became really clumpy and I was unable to get a good coat on my rings. The flavor was good though. I will have to practice on these a bit more. Oh, with the leftover mixture we fried some pickles and they were also good in the chili batter!

Rating: 3
I've made this before but then misplaced my bon appetit magazine. Looked it up here and this does not resemble ANYTHING like the recipe in the magazine (since found). The following is the Bon Appetit April 2006 recipe for Crunchy Chili Onion Rings: 6c veg oil for deep frying, 1 1pd vidalia onion, peeled cut into 1/3" slices, then separated into rings, 3 c buttermilk, 2c all purpose flour, 1c yellow cornmeal, 3 T chili powder, 2 T ground cumin, 1T salt, 1t cayenne pepper. Heat oil in large deep skillet med high 375. Combine onion & buttermilk in large bowl. Mix flour and add remaining dry ingred in another large bowl. Remove 1/3 onions and add to flour mixture to coat. Add coated rings to oil; fry until golden about 3 minutes. Use tongs to transfer to paper towels. Repeat with other two batches. Sprinkle fresh chopped cilantro over if desired. These are wonderful!

Rating: 2
These were a bit disappointing to us....I had also used white corn tortilla chips that were pulverized in the food processor for the crunch. We could not taste either the beer or the chili powder and most of the breading fell off in the oil. Kind of a messy recipe and waste of ingredients. I probably would not make these again.

Rating: 4
Theses are delicious! If you follow the directions you can't fail.

Rating: 1
Crunchy? yes. Over-powering tortilla taste? yes. Use the tortillas to make homemade chips or tacos instead? yes! The tortilla flavor obliterated the onion, chili powder and the beer.