Rating: 4
I must defend this recipe! After reading the reviews about the dough and being a not-so-great baker myself, I was on guard. I followed the recipe very carefully and made sure I didn't add too much water and to my astonishment the dough was perfect. The only thing I did differently was I used bread flour instead of all-purpose just because I was all out. Maybe that made everything come together better? I'm still not an expert on the chemistry of bread flour... I just use it for bread. In any case, this entire recipe is awesome. The hand pies were delicious and everyone gobbled them up. Definitely will make these again. People always like their own personal pie.

Rating: 3
I'm used to more accurately-written/tested dessert recipes from BA. You'll need a giant food processor, not a regular-sized home kitchen one to manage 3+ sticks of butter, and 3+ c of flour at once. Next time, I'll work the dough by hand. I needed about a 1/4 c of water (not 1/2 c) to pull the dough together. I found the dough very easy to roll out and work with - kept in frig overnight, and took out for 15 minutes before rolling. The filling was more tart than I would have expected. Dough yielded 22 pies, not 16, and I didn't roll out scraps.

Rating: 4
I loved this recipe. The dough is more difficult to work with compared to a regular pie crust because it has so much sugar. I added only the barest amount of water - just get it to pull together- it rolled out fine. And, it crimped together better than regular pie crust. The sweet dough works so nicely with the tart filling too. I didn't want to do orange though- I mixed in a big spoonful of chunky homemade applesauce instead.

Rating: 1
The dough is extremely difficult to work with; as soon as it is rolled out, it is too soft to pick up. I think it would work if made in a refrigrated kitchen whose temperature is 45 degrees (normal room temp warms up the dough too much). To get the pies formed, I had to re- refrigerate the dough for 2 hours, then tear off very small pieces of the refrigerated dough (leaving the rest in the refrigerator), rolling out enough for just two circles at a time, and quickly assembling the pies one at a time. The filling is tasty. I wish I had used my regular pie crust recipe--that's what I will do if I ever make this again