Rating: 0
was the amount of cornstarch a mistake or not? I've never seen that much in a recipe of this kind either. I would be inclined to replace it with panko or flour instead.

Rating: 3
To a Cook from Long Island - what was your error? I too, thought that 1/2 cup cornstarch was a lot, but I added more seasoning, and they were fine.

Rating: 3
Ignore my prior review. I since realized I did not follow the recipe correctly. I can't figure out how to delete or edit it.

Rating: 1
I found these bland and did not like the texture. The large amounts of corn starch and flour overwelmed the crab and corn. Is the corn starch a misprint? I've never seen a recipe with this much cornstarch in my life.

Rating: 4
Fantastic! Doubled the recipe for a cocktail party. Used fresh corn and added slightly more salt than I normally do. Cooked them on a cast iron plancha and they turned out great!

Rating: 2
This recipe has the potential of greatness. It has all the ingredients I love: corn, crab, green onions. But I am not a cook. I don't like recipe that does not specify the measurement for salt. I am almost always under or over salting it. And sure enough, with this recipe, I ended up under salting it. The cakes came out a bit bland. Next time I won't pick up recipe that says "Salt and pepper to taste". I can't estimate well enough to make it work. I would rather go for recipe that gives me a range: 1/2 tsp to 1 tsp salt, or something like that....

Rating: 1
Not a fan. I used king crab and fresh corn. The slurry of flour, corn starch and water was so bland it overtook the flavor of the ingredients. I wished i would have made cakes using a mayo/panko mix instead. The mix tasted great before I added it to the slurry.

Rating: 4
delicious! we made these tonight using a bit of extra cilantro and the kernels cut from one ear of sweet corn (rather than canned). Rather than fire up the grill we just fried them in a cast iron pan on the stove. Topped with a simple spritz of lime - or with guacamole. After we turned out our first batch, we added a good dash of old bay to the remaining batter, as it needed more salt than we'd seasoned it with. These are so simple and so quick to make, I think this will be a lovely starter to summer grilling dinners.