Rating: 2
I was very excited about this recipe, I adore eggplant! It turned out it was not as good as I expected. Not so tasty for all the ingredients in it.

Rating: 0
wonderful recipe and great presentation. i added mushrooms as suggested and garlic flavored oil for broiled veggies. i used a glass to cut the polenta which was same size as the egglant rounds. try it!

Rating: 4
Truly wonderful. I took the advice of some previous reviewers and doubled the sauce (I didn't strain it and next time I'll add some spices), I also sauteed some wild mushrooms and layered them between the zucchini and eggplant. MMmmmmm MMMMmmmmmm! It all worked together so wonderfully! My husband and I were both very pleased with this recipe.

Rating: 4
This has become one of my favorite recipes - especially as a vegetarian main dish. I've made it at least 8 times. I have included the following to improve the recipe. It needs more sauce. I doubled the sauce and added minced garlic and basil to the puree (a little pinch of fresh oregano is also good). I grilled some small portabello mushrooms and added them between the eggplant and zucchini. I used roasted garlic mozzarella and spooned the sauce over the top after the stacks came out of the oven. Absoultely delicious! One of the BEST vegetarian recipes around. Everyone I've served it to has asked for the recipe.

Rating: 3
I thought this recipe was quite good, but not spectacular. I doubled the tomato sauce recipe and was glad I did because otherwise we would not have had enough. Didn't find it was necessary to strain the sauce either...very good texture after just blending and cooking. The single most important thing to remember when making this recipe would be to use good, high quality cheeses. For the polenta I used Pecorino Romano because that's what I happened to have on hand which worked very well, otherwise, use maybe Parmigiano-Reggiano (certainly do not use the cardboard like substance in the green can that some call parmesan cheese!). Also for the top layer, use fresh mozzarella balls in water, drained and sliced. Grilling the vegetables added lots of flavor (I also added a layer of sliced grilled roma tomatoes which was a wonderful addition). I served this with a salad made of baby lettuce and a dressing with fresh garlic, olive oil and balsamic vinegar. That, along with crusty french bread dipped in roasted garlic and olive oil was all we needed for a really good Sunday night dinner.

Rating: 2
I made this recipe with some variations; tomato instead of zucchini, italian fontina cheese instead of mozzarella, and a wild mushroom ragout instead of tomato sauce. I also baked it in the oven. It made a really good simple dinner. It probably took a bit longer to do the whole thing than I anticipated.