Rating: 4
These crostini were served with drinks before our Thanksgiving dinner and I spent most of the evening replenishing the empty plate. I couldn't keep up! The 4 star status might be due to changes i made to the recipe...do this and you will be giving it 4 stars too! Firstly, use fresh artichokes-- there's no substitute for these but the hard work will be rewarded, I promise! I boiled them with one can of beans (which fall apart a bit in the boiling process) Then I let the mixture cool and sit overnight. The next day I put the artichoke hearts and white beans from the mixture into a food processor, careful to avoid too much liquid. I pureed it, added fresh basil and pecorino romano and served. Well worth the effort!

Rating: 4
You need to use fresh artichokes. Not too difficult or expensive if you shop around.

Rating: 3
I too used canned artichoke hearts. I poured the marinade over the beans before adding them. Delish! didn't have any basil on hand si I threw in some fresh parlsey. Would make this again.

Rating: 3
Good recipe. Not sure why the reviewer thought this would cost $20. to make. In season, it won't be that much even here in Wash. where are artichokes are imported. The fresh artichokes will give this a dimension that canned or frozen won't. There is really no comparison to fresh. However, frozen or canned can certainly be used. Just don't expect it to taste the same.

Rating: 1
A RIDICULOUS amount of expense and work! You could use frozen artichoke hearts, canned artichoke bottoms or even the marinated hearts in vinaigrette (drained). Once you add all that basil and cheese no one is going to be able to tell the difference. This is OK for a restaurant charging big money, but do you really want to spend $20 for make 16 little crostini?

Rating: 0
I haven't tried this yet, but just a note for those making this dish for their vegetarian friends, don't forget to use veggie broth instead of chicken broth!

Rating: 4
My vegetarian and omnivorous friends alike loved this recipe. I'm making it again for a Labor Day party.

Rating: 2
Made this with some trepidation. It was quite delicious, but too many flavors competing for attention. Prefer a simple white bean crostini, tiny white beans with salt, fresh red and black pepper, a bit of garlic, EVOI and red vinegar on toasts.