Rating: 0
I don't think the cook from Nuremberg wanted to imply that German-Americans shouldn't cook German food. But I'm also from Germany and I have to say with what he does say (don't halve a Bratwurst before grilling it, eat only mustard with Bratwurst) he's right. Let me explain: Franconia, the region him and I are coming from is proud of making the best Bratwürste (Plural of Bratwurst) in the world. In fact we invented it. This is why many Bratwurst-purists live here, especially in Nuremberg, home of the best Bratwurst in Franconia (and consequently the world). This is a topic we actually take pretty seriously (think two Philadelphians discussing the "only" right cheese for philly cheesesteak) which is probably why he "shouted" (in capital letters). (You wouldn't believe how many law-suits there were over Bratwurst-recipes). I hope that clears the matter up. (In fact many Franconians would probably see halving a Bratwurst as a personal offense to their regional identity)

Rating: 3
To the cook from Nuremberg: it's a good thing German-Americans remember how to cook German food. Obviously the Germans in Europe have forgotten. The only thing this recipe needs to make it even better is sauerkraut.

Rating: 0
Just a quick note - the ingredient list calls for fully cooked bratwurst. This refers to bratwurst that is pre-cooked at the time of purchase. If you buy the correct brats, there should be no problem executing this recipe. If you purchase uncooked sausages, you can cook the bratwurst yourself, then split and grill it, per this recipe's directions.

Rating: 4
My husband and I love this. It is so easy to prepare and great for a casual evening. All you need is fresh fruit and you have a very satisfying meal.

Rating: 2
Actually a very good dish which is easily prepared. It would be improved if we remove the thyme and use dark rye bread. Also, do not cut the sausage until after they are cooked.

Rating: 3
Another quick, easy and delicious summer recipe!!

Rating: 1
I would have given it zero if I could. Do NOT halve the bratwurst - the juices will run out. Grill slowly, turning often until golden. Put on bread (NOW you can halve it !) and add mustard. NOTHING goes well with bratwurst except sauerkraut (then leave out the mustard). Have a beer. Cheers, an ex-pat German.