Rating: 4
Rather than marinating the ingredients, I simmered the liquid ingredients of the marinade and added brown sugar to create a glaze. After the chorizo, shrimp, and peppers/onions were cooked, I tossed everything in the glaze and added cilantro. I served it with tostones, it was a great Latin influenced meal.

Rating: 3
Like the cook from Long Beach said Mexican and Spanish chorizo are not the same. Mexican is raw and when cooked is crumbly kinda like breakfast sausage. Spanish is more like a cooked smoked sausage. Going to make this again tonight as an appetizer. if I cannot find chorizo I'll just sub a spicy smoked sausage.

Rating: 3
We loved this recipe. I did put the shrimp on separate skewers from the chorizo and peppers, since it seemed obvious to me that the shrimp would be tough and overdone if I left them on long enough for the peppers and chorizo to be done. I did find the chorizo dried out a little while we were waiting for the peppers to get to the right "doneness"(still crisp but with a definite grilled flavor). It won't be as pretty, but I would probably put all three main ingredients on separate skewers next time for better control.

Rating: 4
i added 3 tbs of orange pineapple marmalade and some fresh ground black pepper to the marimade for and extra kick. i served this as appetizer to my guests. It got raves.

Rating: 0
I have not made this yet, but it looks good. To John the previous reviewer, spanish chorizo is very different from mexican. Mexican chorizo is raw where as Spanish is not. You can find Spanish Chorizo in most Italian or Cuban deli's and also in some Specialty Stores such as Whole Foods.

Rating: 1
The packaging on the chorizo says "remove casing before cooking." However, if you remove the casing and try to grill chorizo with a skewer, it completely falls off, I was left with nothing but shrimp and pepper after 5 minutes. The shrimp also cooks MUCH faster than the chorizo, leaving tough shrimp. Was pretty disappointed, flavor was only OK.