Rating: 3
Well, it is a complete and total mystery to me how this is a cookie and not a candy. After I reached the right temp, I carefully made cookies, put them on the cookie pan, only to have them all run together in the baking process. The second batch, I just poured onto the pan. They're now dribbled with chocolate and cooling in a fridge and tomorrow I'll break them up to serve. Despite absolutely no similarity to a cookie and a total similarity to candy, they're quite yummy. Or, at least I think so, we'll see tomorrow what my guest think. The lemon peel is very strong but I like it quite a bit, despite the work involved in making this.

Rating: 4
I agree with the last reviewer. I have made these for the last two Christmases and they have been a HUGE hit both times. I do not have time to make them this year for one of our parties, but I will definitely get to them next week. They have become a tradition now...they're that good! I did not have a problem with burning, but my oven runs cool.

Rating: 4
These are not the easiest cookies to make, it's true. But I have to disagree with the other comments here. When made carefully and correctly (I followed the instructions precisely, except a slightly shorter baking time), I found these to be incredible, and a huge hit - thin, crispy, sweet and tart at the same time - unique and wonderful. A big surprise; I did not expect them to be as good as they are. They do have to be watched carefully at all stages, especially when baking so as not to overcook - the time called for is definitely on the long side. And with the lemon peel, the chocolate, etc., they are laborious and time consuming. But everyone who ate them (including me!) loved them, they kept beautifully in the freezer, looked spectacular and unique - not like every other cookie... I make at least 14 types of cookies every year, most of them fairly difficult and complicated, and these were a favorite; I'd definitely make them again

Rating: 3
Update - since I had leftover candied peel, I made another batch. It wasn't as much work since the peel was already done. The end result is really quite good, I got many compliments. It is still critical to watch the temperature and cooking time, I burned the first batch again even at the lower temp (using a different oven though). I got about 40 cookies, but lost 16 as a result of burning, so that was quite a loss....

Rating: 1
I'm not sure what the person who wrote this recipe was thinking. 1. I have no idea how they got 40 cookies out of this recipe, I was pushing it making 24. 2. As the previous reviewer noted, the baking info in the recipe will only give you burnt cookies. I did 16 minutes at 325 after the first batch. Due to the first batch being burned, I wound up with 12 'edible' cookies. 3. Mine didn't flatten out. I have no idea why. I didn't even bother with the chocolate drizzle. My roommate attempted to eat one of these, and from the look on his face, I can tell he was really having an internal struggle not to spit it into the waste bin. The dough tasted good, and I think that the cranberry, lemon, and almond flavors are nice together, just not in this cookie. I think if you took the uncooked dough, made it into balls, and covered that in chocolate, they might make good candies. Even if you took the cranberry, almond, and lemon peel and made oatmeal cookies, that would be good, but this recipe is definitely a dud.

Rating: 2
I made the recipe as directed and found a couple of issues with the directions. 16 minutes at 350 degrees is way too much - I burned the first batch. It needs to be 325 and 12 minutes. Also, it is not necessary to melt the chocolate in the double boiler, microwaving on half power works fine. I had made another similar recipe from this site last year (Orange-Almond Lace Cookies). It was much easier and less time consuming (no need to make the candied citrus peel or go through the first step with the candy thermometer) and all you need to do to make it similar to this is add the dried cranberries to the dough and drizzle chocolate on top! I prefer orange with cranberries, but you could easily use lemon zest if you prefer. Also, using the zest directly instead of the candied peel gives more intense flavor. I will not make this again, I will make the modified Orange-Almond Lace cookie instead.