Rating: 3
Took the advice of below reviewer and simply used red pepper flakes. Made several hours before guests arrived and reheated. Very good & a nice change from simply steaming. DEFINITELY A TYPO though on quantity of green beans to serving amount: adjust all amounts accordingly. As I have a steam oven, probably will stick to the basics and simply doctor up w/flavors if want to add some zest rather than make recipe again.

Rating: 4
We thought this was very good. And very simple to make. Like the cook from the Netherlands, I only used oil for the original saute. I didn't have the chile so I used one large pinch of red pepper flakes per pound of beans. After simmering the beans for 30 minutes, there was more liquid than I liked. I uncovered the pan and cooked the beans for a bit longer so that the sauce was more of a glaze. I think this also mellowed the balsamic vinegar.

Rating: 2
This recipe was just OK, nothing special. Not sure if I like the tang from the balsamic vinegar. This could have served WAY more than 6 people... 10-12 people easily. Since I don't really like greenbeans anyway I didn't mind that they were cooked soft, and other guests prefer them that way too. I added french fried onions for the people who missed the traditional greenbean casserole, and I think they were better together.

Rating: 4
I thought this was a very good bean dish. I made it with brisket and potato pancakes, and the flavors were a great complement.

Rating: 3
I wasn't sure I would like this dish because I am one who likes crisp, bright green beans but the chicken broth really added flavor to the beans. I only used olive oil for the original sauteeing as I didn't see the need to add it where it calls for it later in the recipe. This dish really compliments a roast beef and potatoes and is an easy side dish to prepare. I also made this dish hours ahead of time and then just warmed it up right before serving time, perfect for when you are having a crowd for dinner! There wasn't a drop left!