Rating: 2
I was looking for a quick and easy way to use up the 4 leaves of multicolored swiss chard I got from my weekly organic veggie basket ration (they are usually a variety of items in often very small quantities...). When I found this recipe also gave me the opportunity to use up the leaves of the beet from said veggie ration, I had to make it. The resulting amount was far from a pound, so I also added in my leftover celery leaves, few leaves of spinach, broccoli leaves, and mizuna stems. All told, it added up to about three-quarters of a pound. I used 1/4 cup avocado oil, 1 huge clove of garlic (my last--said garlic had 4 hugs cloves), and about 1/8 cup "Kalamata" red wine vinegar. I used the spices in the original quantities. The resulting dish was vibrant with colour, and pretty tasty, if a bit too spicy (I hate harissa; I bought it once to try and I find it bitter, but I want to use it up. The greens are strong enough to compensate for the harissa in the recipe, so it ended up OK). I don't consider this a salad though... more like "cooked greens".

Rating: 3
I made this recipe using the "shermola" suggestions made by shirlette and used red pepper flakes rather than harissa and it turned out delicious. I will make this again.

Rating: 0
The dressing for this recipe is typically called 'shermola' and is used in a wide variety of salads and dishes. The basic sauce is made by lightly sauteeing garlic (appx 4 cloves, pressed) in 3-4 Tbsp. oil.When it begins to emit a sizzle, add 1 tsp each salt, paprika & cumin. Swirl in pan to mix, turn off flame and immediately add a splash of [plain salad] vinegar. If being used over vegetables, pour warm over veggies. Usually served cold/room temp.

Rating: 1
Sorry, this was a big disappointment. I am familiar with North African cuisine and this does not live up to its delights. I agree with the reviewer who said that adding the spices with the garlic (and probably in smaller amounts)could perhaps help the result be more pleasing.. Do not use white vinegar. Fresh squeezed lemon juice is always preferable in that cuisine. I will probably try again with the changes I and others suggest.

Rating: 0
This was the worst swiss chard recipe I've ever tasted! I totally love swiss chard, and this was truly horrid. It might have been passable if the spices had been added to the oil/garlic, but sprinkled over the top, they clumped up and made huge spicy parts, and bitter, plain parts.

Rating: 4
Made this for Rosh Hashanah this year. Very quick, easy and tasty. Agree that harissa is unnecessary. A pinch of cayenne will provide plenty of punch, and the acidity of the lemon juice is a nice contrast to the sweetness of the apples in the suggested chicken dish.

Rating: 4
I've been making this traditional sefardic side dishfor years, from my mother's kitchen. It's fantastic - you can substitute cayenne or red pepper flakes for harissa if you dont' have it (we never did).

Rating: 2
I'm always looking for a new way to cook chard. I made this alongside a Middle Eastern meal and I liked it but definitely would tweak a few things. I'd probably halve the paprika. That gave it the unique taste of this dish which I appreciated but it was just too overwhelming. I also did not have Harissa on hand and just put a few of the mentioned components in the dish instead of making a separate harissa sauce.