Rating: 4
This smells and tastes like a dreamsicle. Delicious!!! And what a beautiful springy cake.

Rating: 0
Where were the Almonds? Ameretti are made from apricot kernals.

Rating: 2
This cake was a big disappointment. It did not look anything like the picture in the magazine. The flavor was pretty good, but it was impossible to put together. The filling ran down the sides. The cake didn't rise enough to make four layers. I would not make this again. And, I agree with other reviewers that peeling the oranges is a huge hassle.

Rating: 1
A mess! I've just assembled this cake for a formal dinner on New Year's Eve, and it's a disaster! The cream filling never set up enough and is running down the sides, the cakes didn't rise enough to get four layers, so I'm making do with three, and peeling those %$#@*!!!! oranges was NOT a fun way to spend my evening. Here's hoping it tastes good, becasue it looks awful. I'm a pretty proficient baker, and this recipe defeated me. never again.

Rating: 2
Too complicated for what you get. Cake recipe may be recipe for disaster. The batter is too thin and doesn't rise well. Also, the center does not always cook completely. I tried it twice, thinking that maybe my baking powder was bad....got the same results the second time

Rating: 3
I made the custard filling, syrup, cake, and whipped cream frosting from this recipe, substituting (or increasing) vanilla and vanilla beans for all things orange. I used strawberries instead of oranges. Everyone loved this cake! Note: The custard makes twice as much as you'll need for the cake.

Rating: 2
This cake was beautiful to look at, tasted fine but too labor intensive for the results. I would not waste my time making this again. There are many other cakes that are far easier and much tastier.

Rating: 4
This cake was wonderful - everyone loved it and although it was time consuming, I would make it again, but next time I will make it in stages over two days. The only thing I may change is the whipped cream frosting - I think it may need a more stablized icing to improve the appearance after all that work. The cake and the cream filling are both great and really what makes the cake.