Rating: 4
A very simple and delicious recipe! In future to ensure a smoother result, I would cook for the second time for less than the 3 min. given in the recipe or omit that step all together. I would also omit the nutmeg as it can be an overwhelming taste/scent. A nice change from traditional rice pudding.

Rating: 3
I had no idea there were these reviews until after i made this. I didn't have ramekins so I used a glass mixing bowl and a sat it in a metal brownie pan with water, pretty full. I let the recipe go 5 min longer because I thought I needed to comp. for the large quantity vs. individ. ramekins. The consistency was loose and was not sure what rice pudding really should be..so I went for another 6 minutes and I think that was too far. BUT THIS WAS DELICIOUS! I like it better than RICE pudding. The amount of Vanila made it have that flavor or rich liquor vs. the hint. I only had dark raisins and am not a raisin lover but it really adds to the dish. I would make this for a get together. I also substituted 1 cup of milk with heavy cream and the 1/2 cup with Half and half..and so only one cup of whole milk. LOL! I know, of course it's going to be delicious! I have an Electric oven but I would say if you are going to try it def. do! But only add on 7 minutes if you are using a big glass bowl like I did.

Rating: 2
This was no faster to make than traditional rice pudding and, while the consistance was good, it had a bland, boxy tase (as if I were eating pasta, imagine). If you have an aversion to rice this is a good substitute, but I'll stick with the traditional rice from now on.

Rating: 2
I wasn't crazy about this recipe, but it really seemed to have potential. I will probably try it again but make a few adjustments. The pudding was rather lumpy, almost the consistency of cottage cheese in some places, instead of being smooth and creamy, but the flavor was good. It ended up being in the oven a couple of minutes too long, so next time, I'll check it at ten minutes. I was out of Golden raisins, so I substitued dried cherries. I also substitued half the vanilla (3/4 tsp.) for almond extract. The combination worked fine, but next time, I'll probably try the raisins and straight vanilla, as cited in the recipe. Also, I think the overall amount of flavoring in this recipe is just too much for quantity it makes, so I'll use just 1 tsp of vanilla. The orzo itself was a wonderful variation on the standard rice or tapioca pudding, and that in and of itself makes it worth trying one more time.