Rating: 3
I thought this dish was a delicious way to enjoy corned beef and cabbage in an innovative new way. I gave it three forks because I felt it was necessary to make some changes. I served it as a main dish along with Irish Soda Bread, and it was a substantial and satisfying dinner. I added a tablespoon of caraway seeds just as another user recommended, then I added about a 3 tablespoons of finely chopped fresh ginger (a wonderful spicy note to compliment the sweetness of the parsnips), lowfat greek yogurt instead of heavy cream (adds a nice tang and creamyness), I increased the ratio of onions as suggested by another user,I also used the broth from cooking the corned beef to thin the soup. I sauteed the cabbage and cooked corned beef in a tablespoon of butter, and just as the cabbage began to wilt I added rice vinegar to play up the acidity of the garnish. It was absolutely delish after these modifications- my guests raved about it, and wanted more! A tip- make lots of soda bread and supply butter at the table. Everyone loves bread, and it's always nice to toast the leftovers for breakfast the next morning.

Rating: 3
My family and I really liked it. I made the recipe with some changes. I used extra virgin olive oil and about 2 teaspoons of unsalted butter. I used lowfat plain yogurt (I tempered the yogurt before adding it in to the whole pot). I upped the seasoning by adding a teaspoon of caraway seeds and some smoked paprika to taste. I also used leftover broth from making corned beef and cabbage.

Rating: 3
Pretty good. I used the leftover broth from cooking the corned beef instead of chicken broth and that added a nice corned beefy taste to the entire soup. I also tried adding a little bit of vinegar to the cabbage while wilting it and that added a nice tang. Froze quite well.

Rating: 1
Just not a fan. The parsnips were too sweet and overpowered the dish. My husband liked it but had to add a ton of corned beef and cabbage and a bit of white vinegar to get it down. I thought it would be a great and unique way to use up left over corned beef. I'll stick to the traditional sandwich next time.

Rating: 0
I probably tripled the cream called for in this recipe (eyeballing it) but it didn't really help mellow the strong sweetness of the parsnips (to get 13 oz I had to 6 of them, not just 2). And because of the corned beef, I really felt the need to floss by the time I'd finished eating, which I don't usually expect from soup. Maybe doubling the onions would cut the sweetness some, and balance the flavor more. Otherwise it's like eating parsnips, baby-food style. I really liked having the cabbage in it, though, and would add more if I ever made this again, which I probably won't. A sandwich would have a been much better way to scarf up my leftovers, which were from the 1965 recipe and used the bourbon glaze cited by many reviewers in the recipe. Maybe if your corned beef weren't covered in a sweet bourbon glaze it would be better, who knows.

Rating: 4
This soup, which I just made for our St. Patrick's Day dinner entree, was delicious. The contrast between the salty bits of corned beef and cabbage and the earthy, creamy parsnip soup was lovely. The corned beef I found at our deli didn't have much fat, so I sauteed the soup veggies in butter, with good results. This is a great entree choice when cooking for two --- I served it with champs and Irish soda bread. I expect to be making this again next year, if not before then.