Rating: 2
For the time and effort put in this recipe I expected a coffee cake that had a yeast dough texture and consistency. The same result could have been achieved with a quick bread recipe with less time and effort expended. Did it rise properly and have good taste? Sure, but there is a shorter way to get the same result.

Rating: 3
I found this recipe to be delightful, and served well with vanilla, peach, or pear ice cream. Though you could complete the pears in 30 minutes for a bit more crisp fruit topping, 45 minutes made them softer and delicious, and they held up just fine in the oven. I made the cake the night before, and accidentally fell asleep during the second fermenting period. So, instead of half an hour, it was two: the dough was super puffy, and the pears sunk into the dough, but when baked, the 'folded' appearance was actually beautiful and the cake was perfectly dense yet crumbly. It *did not* affect the outcome. I doubled the recipe easily (with ONE springform pan) and drizzled the finish product with a Honey Liquer before serving with ice cream. Delicious and easy!

Rating: 1
This recipe took a long time, but what I ended up with was a vaguely sweet bread covered in heavy, sweet pears. They just didn't seem to go together. I'll admit that eating it right from the fridge improved the flavor - the bread part was denser and seemed to hold up better to the pears - but still, I can think of lots of better uses for pears. Try marinating them in Poire William for a few hours then covering with a basic "crisp" topping and baking until bubbly. That's what I call "Drunken Pear Crisp". Or, try the "Spiced Apples with Caramel Sauce" recipe on this site, but substitute pears for apples. This recipe just seemed to have two halves that didn't connect. And I think it needed spice - maybe cardamom. Also, no reason to require a super-duty mixer. Just a little elbow grease and a sturdy spatula. But then, I use a whisk to make whipped cream and my hands to knead bread...

Rating: 4
This was the best use of a pear I could ever imagine. I used what I think were Barletts. Followed recipe, including cooking the pears for the full amount of time. The yeast did not foam, the bread did not seem to rise before cooking but turned out perfectly. I oiled a 9" cake pan and after cooling, it turned out easily onto a plate. I turned it upright without a problem. This will be my new brunch/lunch guest treat.

Rating: 3
Very tasty, and the end result actually looked as good as the picture! My roasted pears took less than half an hour to cook. 45 minutes and they would have been way overcooked, so keep an eye on them. I used the "roll in towel" method to remove the hazelnut skins, worked for some and not for others. Is there a better way?

Rating: 4
What a wonderful way to start a day! The dough is so easy to make [I just tossed the ingredients in the bread maker to mix, knead, and rise, then shaped it]. Makes a rich and satisfying coffeecake.