Rating: 3
This recipe has potential. Because the potatoes are precooked it's quick to heat up after your turkey/roast comes out of the oven. First of all, though, with that much cream, you need quite a bit of salt or it's going to be bland. I didn't like the idea of creating a green slop to pour over the potatoes so I roasted the poblanos, peeled and chopped them and added them to the cooked onions. No pureeing at all. I added a few slices of chopped ham and about 8 oz. of goat cheese instead of the milk. Even without the milk, it seemed runny so made a roux of 2 Tbls of butter and flour and transferred the onion, pepper, cheese, cream slurry to the roux to thicken it a little before pouring it over potatoes in layers. IT WAS FANTASTIC! While this recipe misses the mark a little, it's great inspiration.

Rating: 3
This was a great recipe, and good for substitutions and additions. I sauteed ground pork in the same pan that the onions and peppers were cooked and then added the sauce back to the pan, to remove some of the water in the sauce. Arraged and backed as directed. It came out fabulously.

Rating: 2
This must taste better when the author of this recipe makes this. It must. For me though, it was a slightly bitter but otherwise undistinctive mess. Disappointing because I make a potato and roasted poblano soup that is delicious and thought with such similiar ingredients, this had lots of promise....

Rating: 2
The reason I say no is I think as written this recipe is too soupy and the onion and poblano chili flavors are lost. Also, the potatoes are too thick at a 1/2" for joyfull consumption. Perhaps gruyere makes the difference. The first time I made this with sharp cheddar, yuck and the second with jalapeno monterey jack, better. The second time I used evaporated milk - 1-1/2 cups to 2 lbs. of potatoes and this version was better. The green chili, potatoe gratin from Gourmet sounds even better. For cheese lovers, I suggest Gourmet's instructions with this recipe's cheese quantity.

Rating: 4
This dish was very good! I had a couple of substitutions: i used 1 cup whipping cream and then 1 cup HEAVY whipping cream. I'm not sure what the difference is, but it sounded good and worked fine. I also I couldn't find Gruyère cheese so I just uesd Montery-Jack, and a little more than called for. WORD OF ADVICE: I didn't know that oils from the peppers would seep into the skin, so my hands burned for a couple of hours- WEAR GLOVES!! Also, mine was a bit runny, although it was good to be able to spoon the sauce over leftovers.