Rating: 0
Conceptually great, but I used fennel, celery and cabbage - no tomatoes and bone in pork chops 1 1/2 inch - same amount of time also added plenty of garlic -magnifico!

Rating: 3
After reviewing the reciepe we changed: 1/4 head green cabbage shredded, 2 carrots diced, 1/4 cup flour, 1 green pepper diced, 1/2 tsp ground cloves. 1/2 tsp coriander, 1/4 tsp cinnimon, 2 cups chicken stock. We added spices plus pepper to the flour. We cubed the pork and tossed it in the flour. Browned the pork in a Dutch oven. Sauted carrots, onion, celery add to Dutch oven. Sauted apples and green peppers until soft and added to Dutch oven. Sauted cabbage and tomatoes and added to Dutch oven. Add chicken broth and simmer 15 minutes. Would not saute cabbage the next time. Very flavorful.

Rating: 1
ditto the comments of the Cook from San Mateo, CA on 4/10/03. The dish was a lot of work and quite flavorless, and lacked texture. We actually discarded the remaining portions. I'm not sure how I would salvage this one.

Rating: 2
this isn't really a casserole. It seems like a lot of work for how good it was. Wasn't sure how long to blanch the cabbage. I did 4 minutes and it was kind of soggy.

Rating: 3
We had this recipe tonight. I needed to clear out my vegetable bin. As another reader said, I used thick cut pork chops. I hate winter tomatoes, so used stewed tomatoes with juice from a can ( Delmonte). Halved the recipe (just two of us) and added garlic. It was a hit. Tasted almost as good as the wonderful recipe for Choucroute Garnie that I have been using from The Silver Palate Cookbook for years. Great comfort food.

Rating: 4
My Husband saw this recipe in the Parade section of the 09/29/02 asked me to make it and was so good have been making it about every other week. I add extra onion and apple and tye the bay leaf and cloves up and pop it into the oven at 325 for 2 hours, no stiring and the meat is great.

Rating: 3
I made this dish 2 months ago, and am back again to get the recipe. (I remember wanting to add another apple). I was careful to keep the mixture from boiling, and glad I did, because the meat was flavorful, juicy and tender. Also, I used my pressure cooker and just set the lid on top. It was deep, and the cabbage and liquids covered the meat at all times. I've never cared for country-style pork ribs until I made them like this. Freezes well.