Rating: 3
After reading the comments from the other chefs I decided to make a few key alterations to this recipe. For the patties, first, I left out the beets. My fiance hates them anyway and I figured there would be less moisture to keep the custard mixture from doing it's binding work. I also left out the chipotles. Not only did I not have any about but it just didn't sound appetizing to me, so instead I substituted about a teaspoon of Caynenne pepper. With regard to the Hollandaise sauce. Clarifying butter is indeed a pain so on the advice of eavenger I decided to go with a traditional preparation in a recipe yanked from the Food Network http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/tyler- florence/hollandaise-sauce-recipe/index.html Instead of Cayenne, I substituted the coriander and left out salt and pepper. The patties held together beautifully, the Hollandaise was delicious. But holy cow, poaching eggs must be a skill bourn of experience. It is definitely not easy to maintain the vortex while also cracking and dropping in the egg. Maybe I'll see if there's a how-to video out there.

Rating: 2
I made this because I love all the ingredients in the hash and wanted to try hollandaise sauce. I was quite disappointed. There is not enough egg in the salmon to make the patties stick together, so I made it like hash as the viewer above. The beets are too subtle to add any real flavor, but made everything a very unappetizing pink color. This is not the recipe to try to make your first hollandaise. I ended up pitching the greasy mess from the clarified butter (which had been very time consuming) and making a basic hollandaise, but adding the coriander and cilantro instead of traditional cayenne. It was tasty in the end. I will not make this again because in the end it seemed complicated for the sake of being complicated, not for the sake of a superb dish. The preparation time and ingredient list could have been much better spent elsewhere.

Rating: 3
I made this sans poached eggs for a company brunch the week before Mother's Day, and it went over well - however, the patties disintegrated on me and I ended up making regular hash! I also had difficulty with the hollandaise, and had to fall back on the method I first learned of beating the yolks plain and adding liquid and butter alternately. Very tasty dish overall, even if I didn't get a 100% accurate result.

Rating: 4
I made this for a mothers day brunch. Everyone loved it - even my 2 yr old niece. I will make this again.