Rating: 2
i like the idea of this recipe. as i was making it, the mixture was too tart. i added at least another half cup of sugar. it is setting up in the freezer as i type, i'm not sure if i will make this recipe again. i dont think its anything special.

Rating: 3
I made the rhubarb yogurt the night before so it would chill faster in my ice cream freezer. I was lucky to find even "Almondette" cookies in my limited grocery store and they were wonderful. I used the plain yogurt I already had, added vanilla (1 t) and sugar to it -- tasted til not too tart. I only had a 7" and 9 1/2" springform pan, so I used the latter and it was fine. As far as the strawberries go -- they really make the torte. The syrup from the fruit & sugar is what makes it really good and less tart. I had giant supermarket strawberries and should have cut them smaller. Next time I would cut the strawberries pretty small so they stay on top of the torte and flavor it better instead of falling off and being eaten separate. Also, I think it needs twice as many strawberries, because we've used most of them up and we're only halfway through the torte (I don't freeze the strawberries with the torte). Another idea would be to melt some strawberry preserves (in addition) and spread them over the torte. This is a nice, different and exciting way to enjoy rhubarb. Oh -- the color was NOT pink -- it was greenish-tan.

Rating: 3
A refreshing dessert that is not loaded with fat. The strawberries add a lot to the presentation and final taste. Though I made it in an 8" pan, it did not come out as high as in the picture. I used more rhubarb than the recipe called for, and would continue doing this for added taste.

Rating: 0
I want to make this recipe for a passover Seder. Anyone have any thoughts on how it might turn out if I substitute toasted "kosher for passover" macaroons for the italian cookies for the crust?

Rating: 0
So that you know, I have NOT made this recipe. I purchased the rhubarb, gelatin, yogurt, and strawberries, realized I had about 1/2 the rhubarb required, and decided to make the frozen yogurt, with 1/2 pound rhubarb and 1/2 pound strawberries. It isn't too sweet (used Horizon nonfat vanilla) and has a delicious rhubarb tang along with the strawberry sweet. Some day I hope to make this recipe, but the frozen yogurt it produces is definitely delicious :)