Rating: 3
definitely easy to make, but requires some dressing up to make really delicious, e.g. i doubled the lemon zest, used ginger snap cookies for the crust, and topped the cake with a blueberry lemon compote. thisl cheesecake is light & fluffy, making for a nice finish to a summer meal that isn't as heavy as a traditional ny cheesecake.

Rating: 3
I thought this was delicious. I did use full fat store ricotta & it was fine. I.m sure the artisanal would be even better, but don't not make this if you can't get it. And it is easy, easy, easy--great dessert when you don't have time to bake--takes like five minutes to put together. I only have a 10" springform pan, so i baked the cake for an hour--it was just right, not at all dry. Also, didn't have a fresh lemon so used bottled juice and 2 tbls of limoncello--could taste lemon in cake. Maybe will use a bit more cinnamon the next time I make it. Served it with rhubarb compote--baked rhubarb with sugar & wine--it was delish with it. Everyone had second helpings & I gave our guests some to take home for breakfast!

Rating: 4
I'm surprised by the other reviews. I used store-bought fresh ricotta (which was delicious out of the tub and I thought this cake was fantastic. Plus, I served as part of a dinner party and it was so easy to make that I found it to be a blessing. Generally, authentic Italian pastry is less flavorful than people expect and certainly not so sweet. This cake was similar to many that I had growing up. To gild the lily, I added some whole fresh blueberries to the top, dusted it with confectioner's sugar, and then added a dollop of freshly whipped cream with a touch of confectioner's sugar and vanilla extract. Needless to say, there was none left. This is a keeper for the repertoire.

Rating: 1
Made this cheesecake for Easter and it was terrible! Used organic fresh whole milk ricotta from a small dairy in Vermont - as close to homemade as one could get. Added more lemon zest and some lemon oil to enhance the flavor. The whole thing was tasteless and very dense. Don't even think about bothering with this recipe!

Rating: 3
( made it as directed. It cooked faster than the recipe indicated, so I think mine was a little overcooked - it was pretty dry. I made homemade ricotta from a recipe found on this site - had to double recipe to get enough ricotta.

Rating: 2
I used half fresh-made, half Polly-O ricotta. The cheesecake is very good, but very mild. I know it is supposed to showcase the cheese, but I found myself wishing I'd put more lemon zest, or had a fresh berry compote mixed with a dash of prosecco to top this with. Very good, but very plain. Will certainly make again however.