Rating: 4
We've made this recipe many times over the years and love it. We use bacon instead of pancetta. We skim fat off at the end as per recipe but we generally braise the fennel.

Rating: 3
Based on other reviews regarding the fennel, I decided to roast it with the pork. Delicious! I researched other pork roast recipes on this site and combined a couple. I put the veggies in first to cook 20 min. Then added the pork--overnight marinating made a wonderfully moist roast. Mine was 4+lbs., so cooking time was 60 min. It was great to have the whole meal ready for company in the same pan. Will definitely make this many times!

Rating: 2
I LOVE fennel, but this recipe just didn't grab me. Granted it was good - very moist and flavorful, but I don't think I would make it again. I don't know why - it was easy to make, though I had a little trouble getting the paste to get in the slits. Just wasn't that exciting. I agree with previous the previous poster to reduce the paste by half.

Rating: 4
This sounds like one recipe where NOT following it to the letter has turned out to be a good thing. We absolutely loved this. The flavour was out of this world. I used bacon instead of pancetta and only about 5 pieces. I ground the fennel seeds in a spice grinder slightly to release the flavour. Used red wine vinegar instead of red wine. And skipped the fresh fennel step altogether because it didn't sound like it was going to work (raw alongside?). I put the finished roast under the broiler at the end to crisp up the bacon topping. Then served with mashed white potato and yam, dried cherry chutney and steamed green beans. Loved it.

Rating: 1
I must be missing something--my family refused to eat this, and I can't say I blame them! Fat was just dripping from the meat, and the flavor was only so-so.

Rating: 3
The taste of fennel comes primarily from the seeds in the bacon paste mixture; the raw fennel is for presentation (I think). If you're not worried about STRONG garlic breath or giving your dining companions a post-dinner heart attack, this pork roast is for you. Very pungent and very rich...you'll realize this once you stuff the loin with gobs of bacon fat/garlic/fennel paste before cooking. I would suggest reducing the recipe for the paste by half and letting the fat drip away from the meat by using a roasting rack. The meat is just as flavorful and tender when prepared this way. There's a lovely potato risotto that would go well with this roast, but the Oct. '97 Bon Appetit recipe failed to make it to these files. If you're interested, e:mail me for the recipe. CAUTION: it's equally rich!

Rating: 0
Was a step left out of this recipe or is the fennel supposed to be raw?

Rating: 3
If you like fennel, this roast is for you. Very flavorful and above average 'fun to make' factor. Well enjoyed at dinner parties.