Rating: 1
Seriously - I named this "Murder Aioli" for the amount of work and the lack of return. Second try here and it came out perfect this time. But I think a bloomin onion sauce at Outback will get you as tasty a result. I hand whisked it all this time and watched proportions. I am a good cook but I tell you this was a challenging recipe. Lets hope it works well on my feast of seven fishes this year. I guarantee you it was not worth the 90 min +- but if someone notices that will be nice. At least I did not have to hit the gym today my arms are tired! Read More http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/review/preview/Sea-Scallop-Brochettes-with-Orange-Saffron-Aioli-236769#ixzz18yaP5T75

Rating: 1
WATCH the Olive Oil - It was waaaaay too much in my opinion. It killed my first batch and now I have to try again. I had a great Aioli and then was curious why it asked for 1 full cup of olive oil.

Rating: 2
I felt that the aioli flavors overwhelmed the delicate scallops. I suggest thinning the aioli out and laying it on the plate as a base, rather than drizzling. However, the citrus was refreshing and made for a very pretty color.

Rating: 4
I made this for a dinner party and it truely makes an impressive presentaion. If you're a scallop lover, you'll enjoy this. The sauce is what makes it. I'll make just the sauce again for crab cakes!

Rating: 3
Good. My only complaint would be that orange, saffron and garlic is a bit of a different flavor combination... there is something not quite right about it, but I'm not sure what... just seems like each flavor is a foreground flavor and they are competing a bit too much. Presentation is beautiful... I used the orange wedges to divide the plate into three, put the ailoi on the bottom betwwen each wedge, the scallo pon top of each aioli, and then sprinkled with a gremolata of orage zest and chives. Beautiful. The orange wedges are a VERY good contrast from a flavor and texture perspective to the scallops. Do not skip. I agree with the previous reviewer regarding the cooking time for the egg yolks... took me closer to 8 minutes to get to 160 degrees in a double boiler.

Rating: 4
Loved this dish - made the sauce pretty much exactly as written and it was great. I thought the garlic kind of overwhelmed the saffron. After 4 minutes, it wasn't anywhere near 160. Ended up cooking for another 3 or 4 minutes and it still wasn't quite there.