Rating: 2
For the filling I use ripe black cherries (2 lb), breadcrumbs (3 ½ oz), butter (2 oz), sugar lemon and cinnamon. Make the dough is very easy: in a bowl or on a flat work surface, mix flour, sugar, oil, sugar, hot water and salt (mix until smooth and uniform). Here's the italian recipe: http://www.academiabarilla.com/recipes/friuli-venezia-giulia/cherry-strudel.aspx

Rating: 3
VERY good strudel but did take a good bit of time to make. I used cherries off my trees and frozen phyllo dough. I took the suggestion from the poster below to increase the phyllo dough and decrease the amount in each strudel. I had a couple of leaks but everything stayed intact. I made 7 good sized strudel and rolled a cinnamon stick with the 2 remaining phyllo sheets.

Rating: 3
I can only give the Strudels 3 forks, because I had a lot of the filling on the baking sheet. The flavor was great! Next time, I will have 5 sheets phillo total per Strudel and use only 1/4 cup filling. I will also cut 3 one inch vents.

Rating: 3
Although good, these were quite laborious especially if you have to pit fresh cherries. It took about 1 to 1.5 hours from the time I started pitting the cherries until I popped them in the oven. I would make them again; however, I would make the following changes. You need about 40 sheets of phyllo. Instead of drying 3 sheets, I would dry about 8. Even though I added 3 TBS of cornstarch, the cherries were still a bit runny so I would drain a little of the juice off. I would also use a little less than 1/3 cup of filling. Additionally, I would cut more than 2 slits on the top of the strudel. Two of the strudels broke open in the oven. Lastly, with the amount of filling made, this recipe makes about 10 or 11 instead of 6.

Rating: 4
These were so good & so easy !! I made with blueberries vs cherries - next time I'll try with cherries as I know it will be just as good !! I made these just yesterday morning for breakfast - great with your coffee. Will make again & again !