Rating: 0
Very Creative recipe! You can find other unusual but fantastic salmon recipes at www.wildsalmonrecipes.com, like Chef Hajime Mashiko's Banana Leaf steamed Salmon. Ingredients Keta/chum Salmon  6 oz Sake  ½ cup Mirin  ¼ cup Soy  ¼ cup Grated ginger  ¼ teaspoon Dash lime juice Dash sea salt Sliced shallots (or other onions)  2 oz Shitake (or other mushrooms)  2 oz Chopped Shiso (or dill) Butter  1 teaspoon Bamboo Skewer Banana Leaf The recipe itself is quite simple: Mix the sake, mirin, soy, ginger, lime juice and sea salt into a simple marinade. Add the Salmon to the marinade and wait 20 to 30 minutes. Then place the Salmon, sliced mushrooms, shiso or dill, and butter on top of the banana leaf. Now for the tricky part, folding the banana leaf& Banana leaves can be bought at any Asian food outlet and at many grocery stores. When you purchase them, they will be frozen and folded. Thaw the leaf, unfold it, and throw it in the oven for 30 seconds at 350 degrees. 30 seconds in the oven will make the leaf more pliable. Lay the leaf out on a flat surface. Itll be 1 ½ feet by 2 ½ feet in diameter. Trim off the frayed edges. The Salmon fillet should be roughly 3 inches by 6 inches. The fillet should be placed 6 inches from the end of the leaf. Orient it so the long side of the fillet is parallel to the short side of the banana leaf. Slowly slide the filet to the centre of the leaf. Then add the mixture of onions, mushrooms, and dill. Fold the leaf over, and wrap the edges as if wrapping a burrito. Skewer it with a bamboo skewer. If you want to avoid using the skewers altogether, fold the leaf flaps down vertically over the salmon filet, and tightly tuck the sides of the banana leaf underneath. But, keep in mind, the skewer-less method requires expert level folding abilities. In a steaming basket, steam the package for ten minutes. Turn off the heat, let the package sit for several minutes, open, and enjoy!

Rating: 2
I try to fit salmon into the weekly menu and am always looking for ways to spice things up a bit. My local supermarket didn't carry szechuan chiles so I ended up seasoning the salmon with cayenne pepper, salt and pepper instead. Either the chiles were meant to blend the flavors or I put too much vinegar, but it seemed like the sauce was on the stringent side. I'll give it another shot but next time I'll add a little more sugar and a little less cider vinegar to the sauce.