Rating: 0
I made only the ice cream portion of the recipe, to use in date milkshakes. The date flavor was very strong. The milk in the milkshake cut the flavor down to a good balance. I added 1/2 tsp cinnamon and a small knob of grated ginger, also used 2 tsp vanilla extract instead of the bean. The alcohol from the extract didn't hinder the freezing. The pureed dates, even after straining, added a certain mouthfeel that I thought was somewhere between velvety and toothy, but my taste tester said it seemed creamy. You decide... In milkshake form, I would give this recipe 4 forks; in ice cream form 3. The strength and texture could probably be improved by decreasing the dates and adding some honey to make up the sweetness.

Rating: 1
I've made a lot of tarts but this one just wasn't good. Made the sauce twice because instructions unclear about temp and caramel ended up at hard ball stage - candy! Had to scoop out hard chunks of caramel from the apples and finally threw it away and started all over again. Second time used a different caramel recipe and added some red wine - which was a great addition and very yummy. Also used five apples and still the tart seemed a bit flat. If you want to make an apple tart - use a different recipe! All my dinner companions agreed - this is the first recipe from epicurious I didn't like.

Rating: 2
An elegant presentation - clearly a dessert that shows you went to some trouble. Is it worth it? Perhaps. I'm not sorry I went to the trouble, but I likely won't make it again. The tart was very simple and pleasant. No problems there - followed the recipe to the letter. It didn't brown too much; I felt it was a bit pale. The red wine caramel sauce was fine. The red wine definitely does add a dimension to it. I had some issues with the caramel (I hadn't made it before), but it worked out. Sauce is a little runny, but not disconcertingly so. The ice cream called for 14 oz of dates - I only used 8 oz and the date flavor was very strong. It's a very thick, heavy ice cream. We're still trying to decide if we liked it or not.

Rating: 4
I chose this recipe out of my Charlie Trotter cookbook and made it for a very special dinner. When I took the leftovers to the office, nobody could believe that I had made such a dessert. There are a lot of parts to this dish, but fortunately, you can make some of it ahead of time. I was surprised that the ice cream could taste so good since it didn't have any sugar in it.

Rating: 3
x

Rating: 3
I thought the tart was very good -- and the sauce was excellent! I had to reduce the sauce a little because the caramel was watery from the apples. But the flavor of the sauce was excellent, and it was perfect after being reduced.

Rating: 3
Incredible flavors but I had big problems with the caramel. By the time the sugar melted, the caramel seemed to be too hot to add the butter and apples. Everything sizzled and I had big chunks of carmalized rock candy that had to be peeled away from the apples. A second batch did the same thing. The third time I dissolved 1 cup sugar in 1/4 cup water and made the caramel sauce this way...it worked. The wine reduction really adds to the caramel sauce--don't skip it

Rating: 3
I admit I didn't make the ice cream, but I made the tart and the sauce! The sauce was beyond amazing!! delicious!!