Rating: 3
I would give it 3 and a half forks if I could. I have the actual book and finally gave this recipe a try today. For those reviewers who said that it was mediocre recipe and that they've made better, this recipe is aimed at the ABSOLUTE BEGINNER. Her book makes that obvious. I think it's terrific and it came out lovely despite my worries. You don't need the canisters, I used a standard loaf pan (9x5) with no problems. Also of note for the beginner, when all of the flour is incorporated, this is a very sticky dough that's very difficult to mix. After the first cup and a half of flour, it loses the "batter" consistency. Don't panic - it'll be just fine. Last note, I recommend using really nice ground ginger (I used Penzeys). The flavor of the bread is dependent on good ground ginger. I can't wait to make again!

Rating: 4
I think this is a wonderful batter bread. It has a great aroma, velvety texture (almost melt in your mouth) and is easy to prepare. I've made many, many breads, from batter to sourdough and I still enjoy this recipe. I leant my book out to someone and got on the web to find the recipe so I could make it. Regarding coffee cans, go out and get a couple of small cans of coffee and empty the coffee into a ziploc bag. If you don't drink coffee, give it to someone who does. Be sure to keep the lid as well as the can and just wash and keep for future use.

Rating: 4
It was wonderful!!!

Rating: 1
Totally uninspired. I make bread every day, and this one just had nothing going for it...too dense wonder bread...is what it tasted like. There are far better basic bread recipes out there, that really don't require any more work, but are much more interesting.

Rating: 2
Like many of you, I didn't have coffee cans lying around the house, so I decided to use basic ho-hum bread pans. The batter was easy enough to make, but the bread came out pretty dense although buttery after letting the batter rise for an hour. Maybe another 30 minutes may have helped. As for the aroma...it quite didn't.

Rating: 0
Sorry, but is it fair to give this recipe a poor rating just because you couldn't find the containers the recipe calls for to bake it in?

Rating: 1
Well first of all I did not find the glass canisters to bake it in (looked everywhere)and I buy my coffee at Starbucks so forget the coffee cans...I finally tried this making it in a bundt pan. The result was a heavy bread, slightly sweet and, after over 35 years of baking bread, just so-so....it does toast up well. And the marvelous aroma filling my house...well no, I sniffed and sniffed...but it was just the regular baking bread smell...which is nice on its own, but nothing special. Maybe the secret is in the tins....?

Rating: 3
YUM, YUM, YUM! It's a good thing this recipe makes 2 loaves, because we (my boyfriend and I) ate almost a whole loaf as soon as it came out of the oven! The bread is very rich, but not heavy. The recipe also was easy to follow, and I am a yeast bread novice. I used evaporated skimmed milk and it came out just fine.