Rating: 3
Having read the other comments, I doubled the roasted bell peppers. My beans too 5 hours to cook soft even after I soaked them all the night before. I poured off most of their cooking water and pureed some of the beans before adding the roasted veggies to simmer a bit. The recipe STILL needs more flavor and we are planning to add garlic and bacon to the left-overs. Otherwise it's a nice healthy meal, especially with some crusty rustic bread!

Rating: 3
It's true that as written, this recipe finishes up as less than what it could be. I made some slight modifications and was very happy with the results. It's a comforting meal at the end of a long day. I soaked the beans for 24 hours before beginning. I used 2-3 fresh thyme sprigs both in the roasting and the bean-cooking steps. I cooked the beans together with the roasted vegetables for an additional 20 minutes beyond the recommended 15, and I added the juice of half a lemon (as well as some salt) at the end.

Rating: 3
I'm highly surprised by the other 2 reviews. I made this recipie and absolutely loved the simplicity and taste. One modification I found I needed to make is to soak the beans prior to cooking. This will thicken the broth, soften the beans, and bring out the flavor. I would also reccomend adding some chard, kale or spinach cut into 1/2" strips at the very end.

Rating: 2
This recipe needs something. And one of the main things it needs is to sit overnight. I would say to chefs not to be afraid to spice and salt this one. But the next day the subtlety of the flavors really do come through... the parsnips are fragrant, thyme (i used fresh) and beans warm and fuzzy... Perhaps some chicken stock, sherry, maybe even roasting a little garlic along w/ the shallots?

Rating: 1
I was really looking forward to this dish. It looked and smelled wonderful while it was cooking but, unfortunately, had no flavor. It did not have the consistency of a stew, but was more like beans with root vegetables-- not much sauce. The roasted red peppers were excellent however. After the first bite, my date and I looked at each other and agreed we should forget the stew and go out for dinner. We picked out and ate all the red peppers, then went for pizza.