Rating: 4
I have been taken to task on this site before because I cannot make a recipe exactly as written and my comments are all about the changes but I decided to comment once again...with ALL my changes...I don't like steamed veggies and decided to roast the zucchini. We grow zucchini and red onions and basil so I put all the ingredients except the basil in a ziploc bag and tossed and roasted on a hot pan 425 degrees for 20 minutes and then sprinkled on the basil for table presentation. My husband loved this. I also substituted preserved lemon instead of lemon rind because I do that normally whenever any recipe calls for lemon rind...it tastes SO much more lemony.

Rating: 0
The dressing was good, but as a whole I did not like the recipe. I only steamed the zucchini about 3 minutes, but they tasted limp when I served the salad. My husband did not like it either. Perhaps it would work with raw zucchini.

Rating: 1
This didn't work for us at all. I like zucchini a lot but my husband isn't a big fan. He's very agreeable about trying new ways to present it, but he gagged on the first bite of this. When I bit in, I understood why. For us, the pieces were simply too large for crisp-tender cooking. I think the cook from Philadelphia who grilled it was on the right track, but I probably won't waste my good garden basil on modifications.

Rating: 2
My husband liked this much better than I did--maybe it'll taste more interesting after a night in the refrigerator. It is incredibly easy, so I'll likely make it again this summer.

Rating: 3
This was a surprise. I made it exactly like the recipe first and liked it enough to try again. The next time, I had yellow summer squash and lemon-basil. THAT was even better.

Rating: 4
I was surprised at how simple and tasty this dish was. I grilled the zucchini - I think it really added to the flavor!

Rating: 3
I made this for a summer Sunday dinner for 15 people. It was served at room temperature as a side and was very popular.

Rating: 4
Great, very fresh, especially with our meyer lemons. Got rave reviews-even a "make this again". Be sure not to over steam the zucchini. (Used a little less basil) Transported well, too.