Rating: 0
I'm not a sweet dessert person but these are killer. Make sure the dough completely rises to double before punching down. Forget the hour timing because 1 1/2 hrs. worked better. Plus, take another 1/4 cup of softened butter and smear it(use your fingers if you have to) onto the inner side of the dough triangles before adding sugar and raisins. There's no need to overfill these because there's a delicate balance of flavoring and flaky dough as a result. Warm up oven slightly and place the crescents inside to rise during the 2nd hour. There's a better result when they are swollen before you cook them. That's the only adjustment I will forever make. I've done this recipe per instruction once and made them per adjustment 27 times. No disappointment ever. PS. make sure that the foaming of the yeast is very active. Otherwise, toss and try again.

Rating: 4
This is my Grandma Esther's (nicknamed Meena by her first grandchild) recipe from the "Old Country" that I submitted to Gourmet magazine in her honor. They published it, and then re-published it in the "Best of Gourmet" that year. It was always a labor of love, but I have recently found it to be bread machine friendly, which makes it even more lovable. It is not meant to be very moist like cinnabons, as the original name of the recipe (pre-Gourmet) is Dunkie Cakes- i.e. cake meant for dunking in coffee, much like biscotti. Give it a try that way. My Grandma would warm milk with sugar and a little coffee for us kids to dunk it in as she believed too much coffee would stunt your growth. Maybe she was right as she was only 5' , and all the grand kids, now in their 60's, grew to 5'6" and some to over 6'2". So don't wrap it well, just dunk it!

Rating: 3
These roll are about as labor intensive as making biscuits. Fast, easy, and delish. I halved the recipe with no ill effects for a cozy Tea gathering.

Rating: 4
Actually, my hubby is the chef, and these rolls are one of the things that has earned him the title. He says that they are labor intensive, but the rest of us swear they are worth every drop of sweat. He's made them several times for brunches and EVERYONE wants the recipe. They are even great a few days later if properly stored.