Rating: 4
These can be served with bowl of oil, fresh minced garlic and cracked black pepper as a dipping oil. To die for!

Rating: 0
You need to slice thin if you want a crunch like a tortilla chip or potato chip. This is what I was looking for since i wanted to make ahead for a party a week in advance. I used a mandoline and since it is fairly new, I originally started with the 1/1 6 or a little big thicker width. I then notched it down a rung and they were very thin (be careful because I did not protect myself with the handle and sliced a 1/16 corner of my thumb skin off!!!! But, since I had purchased a bag of plaintains from Trader Joes which were sweet/sour I decided to experiment. Too bad I started with the last plaintain. I salted and then sprinkled a little bit of sugar. Totally the best! Sweet/sour all in one. I plan on serving with the mango/pom/guac which is amazing and always gets good YUM....the whole reason why I tried this in the first place because that receipe calls for fried plaintains and I cannot find them in a store anywhere except for TraItor joes and they are pricy for the small package they come in. SO, SLICE THIN, sprinkle course salt and then a littlel sugar. This gives them a great mix of flavors. ALSO, I had never worked with plantains before and i had purchased them about 4 days ago....very green. A novice to plantains but not to cooking, I realize from other reviews that the could have been riper because mine were green. I guess I could have put them in a paper bag to ripen further. However, I believe they were "just" ripe (kinda like a "just" ripe bananna) so it all seemed to work our well in that....if I had known I may have left a few more days to ripen or did the brown paper bag thing. But, I didn't and leaving them out for few days was fine. I'm sure this helped it easier to slice...while also being able to peel. So, slice thin,make sure they are ripe, and sprinkel salt and a little sugar YOU WIll LOVE TO SERVE THEM!

Rating: 4
These were worth every ounce of effort in this gal's opinion. Helps to have two people to do the work, as my sister and I did while prepping these for our Thanksgiving appetizer. Also, we discovered that frying them too long like the recipe said turned them brown. It really only took about 10-15 seconds per batch to crisp them up slighly. In doing do, the plantains retained their beautiful aroma, color and subtle banana flavor. This, along with the Mango Pomegranate Guacamole is a wonderful twist on the same old guac and chips routine.