Rating: 1
simply butt. too much vinegar, its all i taste still and its been three days.

Rating: 2
I agree that you need to double the vinegar and take the pan off the heat before adding or it'll splatter like crazy. Works well with cukes, beets, and carrots as well... However,this recipe is just O.K. It amazes me that it's nearly impossible to find great tofu recipes!

Rating: 1
This recipe was not worth the trouble. The sesame seeds did NOT stick to the tofu, so there were sesame seeds everywhere. If the end result was particularly good, i wouldn't have minded the mess, but it was actually pretty mediocre. Perhaps try browning the tofu without the sesame seeds, then toasting the sesame seeds and sprinking them over the salad and tofu?

Rating: 1
This recipe was just not that good. I am as avid a meat eater as I am a vegetarian. I love tofu, and just found this to be nothing special at all as far as tofu dishes are concerned. The rice vinegar dressing was aromatic while cooking and is still resonating in my house, but it just wasn't enough to give the tofu any flavor. If I were to make this again, I would double the dressing. It's the only change I would make without competely altering this recipe. I ate a pre-fab oriental salad mix alongside, and had to mix it all together so that the dressing that came with the salad gave this recipe any flavor at all. All in all, looks great on paper, but a big blah. My apologies to tofu--I've had you so much better!

Rating: 4
I fried mine in sesame oil instead of roasted garlic oil, and served it with a soy/rice vinegar dipping sauce/dressing on a bed of baby salad greens with scallions. It was delicious! If doing the full recipe, make sure to cool the pan before making the pan sauce, or the vinegar boils immediately and makes a big mess.

Rating: 0
I haven't followed the recipe in its entirety yet. But the sesame dredge & fry thing is my new (well, first actually) favourite thing to do with tofu. On an ordinary salad, even cold the next day at work, with a light bottled "japanese" soya sauce-based dressing... yum! you do lose a lot of sesame seeds, but they are all fried and golden brown, the way sesame seeds should be. just sprinkle them over the salad.

Rating: 3
I don't usually make many tofu dishes but this has inspired me to make more. I used cabbage instead of bean sprouts in the salad, and instead of garlic oil, I just added a crushed clove to the pan after cooking the tofu. There were a lot of loose leftover sesame seeds in the pan when I was finished cooking the tofu so don't worry if you don't have 1/4 cup since you will most likely waste some. I would appreciate any ideas in making this dish lower fat, without losing its taste, of course!