Rating: 3
I read the reviews from people who said it was bland, so I added shallots, minced garlic and red pepper flakes. I also used whole wheat rotini because I couldn't find fiorentini. I have a sage plant that stays green all winter so I was generous with the sage. We thought it was delicious. I gave it 3 forks only because it needs to be altered to make it tastier. It was not the least bit bland. I also liked that it did not require many ingredients. Will definitely make it again.

Rating: 0
I added minced bacon, red pepper flakes, more sage and it was still too bland. Something's missing. I used to be able totally rely on BA recipes. No longer the case; reading user reviews is essential.

Rating: 3
My family liked this pasta. Of course, I started by adding shallot and garlic to the saute of the squash. And yes, it needs more sage. Also, I used a small amount of cream (maybe 1/4 cup) in the final dish. Another time I added some ricotta for additional protein, and that worked as well. Funniest thing about this, was that my young adult sons said you could fool little kids into thinking it was boxed macaroni and cheese because of the color, and be giving them something better!

Rating: 2
I have mixed feelings about this dish. On the one hand, I felt it was definitely lacking something. On the other hand, I kept going back for bite after bite trying to figure out what the missing taste was (so clearly, I liked it anyway). My daughter asked for a bite and then commented "Hmm. It doesn't taste like much." My thoughts exactly, kiddo. I'll keep pondering it, because I love all the ingredients, and I was expecting his to be a dish I loved as well.

Rating: 1
This was as bland a dish as I have ever made...maybe I had an unusually flavorless squash? Even so, the pasta diluted all vegetable and sage taste to the point that it didn't seem to register at all. To salvage the leftovers we sauteed some hot italian sausage and onion and folded it in. I wouldn't make it again.

Rating: 2
This is a strange pasta, I followed the recipe and found it ordinary, but something about it was comforting and I had to keep eating it and enjoyed it. My dining companions had the same reaction, they found it bland but strangely addictive. I will try this recipe again, perhaps adding more sage and pepper and cheese.