Rating: 2
This soup turned out pretty bland. I don't have a food processor, so I just chopped everything up together - but I ended up adding lots of salt, pepper and even some dried hot peppers to try to give it some kick. Maybe it will taste better the second day....

Rating: 0
This is a great recipe, a gift that keeps on giving to our dinner guests, one that our family has been serving up since we first came across it in Bon Appetit's 1991 Thanksgiving issue. It evidently tested well enough in those kitchens to get published, so the success of this treasure is likely all a matter of one's taste and comfort level in the kitchen.

Rating: 3
I've made this soup several times and it is delicous. It is true it doesn't have a strong eggplant taste, but that makes it even more appealing. It's elegant enough to serve to company, and easy enough for a weekday meal. You choose.

Rating: 4
I must save this recipe from its accumulating negative reviews! This was one of the most lucious soups I have tasted, and I have rather refined tastebuds! Besides my whole kitchen smelling like an upscale Italian restaurant, I absolutely loved the flavor of this soup. Fresh oregano may have contributed to the zest but how can you go wrong with soft roasted eggplant, carmelized onions and garlic, and a beautiful baked potato to thicken the base as opposed to tons of cream or unnecessary fat. Two recommendations: add lots of freshly grated parm on top if you love cheese like I do, and before slicing the eggplant, brush the skin with oil so it does not get too dry baking. Make sure those slices are no thinner than 1/4 in. because some of my smaller slices became paper thin, dried out and black!

Rating: 1
This was a horrible dissappointment. It turned out to be a thick murky mess. Could barely taste the eggplant. Felt bad about wasting a pinch of saffron on this one.

Rating: 1
There is not much good to say about this recipe. As a previous reviewer, we were suprised by the first taste too, and then ordered take-out.

Rating: 3
I loved this recipe. I have made it several times since I found the recipe in '97. I find that this soup can stand well on its own, or it's also great with a polish sausage at the bottom of the bowl. It's real comfort food but it can also be very elegant.

Rating: 3
I cooked this for a vegetarian menu that we put together at school and it came out pretty good. The first bite catches you by surprise because it is not what you are expecting but, every bite after that is very smooth and very tasty. I added way more garlic than it called for. I definitely would cokk this again.