Rating: 2
I love the idea of using boneless skin-on chicken breasts, rather than requiring me to butterfly and debone a whole chicken. But, on the same night, I tried this recipe along with two other chicken-under-a-brick recipes and this was, by far, the worst. There's too much dried thyme for my taste and the result is kind of "grassy." I won't be making this again.

Rating: 2
I was thrilled to find a chicken-under-a brick recipe that used boneless skin-on breasts (rather than having me butterfly and debone a whole chicken myself). I tried this recipe, plus two other chicken-under-a-brick recipes on the same night. This was, by far, our least favorite of the three. I did not care for the amount of dried thyme in the spice rub. It seemed "grassy." So, while I love the idea, I won't be using this recipe in the future.

Rating: 4
this is a fast, easy technique that results in moist chicken with a flavorful crust. i used a powdered spice mixture that i brought home from morocco, i am pretty sure is ras el hanout. i also used a hot cast iron skillet, a small amount of oil, and a second cast iron skillet as the weight. just make sure the skillet & oven are HOT, leave the skin on, and do not over cook! i think this will become my favorite method of preparing chicken breasts because they always come out too dry but this was just perfect!

Rating: 0
Please ignore my previous rating. I reviewed the wrong recipe! I meant to review the spice rubben chicken under a brick. I apologize for any confusion.

Rating: 4
Just follow the recipe, and you will get some fabulous chicken! My husband and I made it for Easter, and everyone raved about it. The flavors are very North African -- complex and delicious.

Rating: 1
The idea of cooking chicken under a brick was great, I used another iron skillet, instead of a brick, and the chicken was so tender. However, the spice mixture was gross, the taste was too earthy, and the combination of the sweet spices and poutry spices did not go together! Next time I would subsitute the spices with something that fits chicken.