Rating: 3
I was making a chicken at the same time, and tossed the neck, backbone & giblets in with the yucca while it was boiling - essentially like stock. Loved the effect and I'll happily make this again. One other note - I significantly reduced the dairy by using just a splash of half-and-half, and used a stand mixer to beat the mixture to a creamy consistency.

Rating: 3
to blame a yucca for having bones is like blaming an apple for having a core; you take that part out. If you're over 50 you probably remember having to take the core out of carrots. this is a good basic recipe and with a little doctoring makes a great fritter...think potato pancakes, a little fresh corn makes the fritters memorable.

Rating: 4
I love yucca, and this is about as good as it gets!

Rating: 3
Very good recipe. Yucca is more gluey than potatoes, but it has a sweet taste, a little like corn. I felt no "bones," and this combination of ingredients is definitely comfort food!

Rating: 1
I thought I would try a new dish and I was unimpressed. I agree with the other reviewers who said that the the texture is pasty & that still have some "bones" in when they are mashed. I'm not sure all the work that went into preparing this dish is worth the effort in terms of taste or nutritional value over potatoes.

Rating: 0
yucca does not have a texture like potatoes. that's probably what people are expecting. i ate mashed yucca alot when i was studing in costa rica. the texture is pasty... just the nature of the root i suppose. if you like yucca in general, mashed yucca is just yummie

Rating: 2
This was my first time cooking yucca. I wasn't too thrilled with the texture--a bit like underdone potatoes that still have some "bones" in when they are mashed. But the combination of garlic and lime juice was quite tasty. Now that I have a handle on how to cook this vegetable, I will probably give this recipe another try.

Rating: 1
I have tried yucca chips before, they're similiar to potato chips, and absolutely loved them! However, I did not enjoy this dish. Perhaps I mashed the yucca too much because it was rather pasty. Definitely needed salt & pepper. Desperately added butter to try & save the dish but, not very impressed. I'm afraid I won't be making this one again.