Rating: 0
What a great recipe from A Cook from Seattle! I made it for a holiday party, and it was a major hit with all of my guests. I altered it very slightly, using whole oranges cut in half instead of just the peel; lessened the sugar by about 3/4; and used brandy instead of rum. Excellent for a party, and very festive!

Rating: 1
Simply atrocious. I make mulled wine on a regular basis during the fall and winter, and decided to branch out from my usual method and give this recipe a try. Astonished that they would recommend over a cup of sugar, I cut it back to a single cup. The outcome was still nauseatingly sweet. I eventually doubled the amount of wine and still ended up with a drink far sweeter than a standard port. It's much safer to sweeten mulled wine to taste using a mixture of sugar and honey.

Rating: 0
Huge thanks to "A Cook from Seattle" for the excellent mulled wine recipe (below) that I have been using for years to widespread acclaim, even from Germans!!!

Rating: 4
An excellent drink for the holidays.

Rating: 1
The Cologne style described in the review below is absolutely lovely. I have made it a few times for very happy guests.

Rating: 1
Thanks to cook in Seattle for explaining a real, traditional recipe for mulled wine. Also called "Gluhwein" in Germany, "vin chaud" in France and "apres-ski" wine in Scandinavia, it's best with real nutmeg & all-spice... I don't often add rum, since it makes it too strong to drinks lots of. Otherwise, this is a good bet for a great holiday drink...

Rating: 2
I love mulled wine (Gluehwein). Like the previous reviewer, I first had it at the Cologne Christmas market in Germany. This recipe falls short however. Here's how I was taught to make it when I was in Germany (Koelschart - Cologne style). Amounts are not as important as your own personal tastes, but as a general rule: one bottle of red wine (it doesn't have to be expensive wine as your altering it anyway - this is the one time I would recommend buying cheap red wine), 3-4 cinnamon sticks, 4-5 whole cloves, 4-5 whole allspice, peel of a large orange (white part removed), 1-2 whole star anise, 1/2 to 3/4 cup of sugar (to taste), 1/2 cup of dark rum. Combine all the ingredients except the rum. Slowly, over low heat, heat through (DO NOT BOIL OR SIMMER - it should just barley steam). Hold at this temperature for 5-10 minutes. Remove from heat and add rum. I've made this for parties (tripling the recipe)and poured the heated wine into a slower cooker on low heat - it stays hot that way for everyone going back for seconds and thirds.

Rating: 3
i have been to germany and enjoyed authentic glühwein in the streets of köln. this recipe, however good, falls a little short. GO EPICURIOUS!