Rating: 4
To the cook from Houston: Of course you can char the skin of your bell peppers and poblanos on a charcoal or gas grill, but because many people don't have either, it's helpful to know you can also use the gas flame on your stove or use the broiler if your stove is electric. To the cook from San Antonio del Mar: I was interested in the technique you learned from a Mexican chef to oil the poblanos before charring. I asked Diana Kennedy, the author of many definitive cookbooks on Mexican cooking, about it, and she told me that she only oils the chiles when they are wrinkled or not that fresh. Other than those two instances, she finds it messy and not necessary. The thing to remember is that everyone does things a little differently, even in Mexico. It can vary from home to home, village to village. I'm glad you shared the technique you learned, but please understand that the method outlined in this recipe works well, too.

Rating: 1
Would I make this dish again??? not like this!!! Roasting ANY peppers over gas is HERESY! Here is what you do - and i reccommend doing this in bulk as they freeze really well: First, go buy sevaral pounds (last time I did this I had 17 lbs of Hatch Chiles). Oh, and also a six pack of beer. lightly coat the peppers with veggie oil. Sit outside one evening and fire up your GRILL!!! Once the coals are glowing, place as many peppers as you can on the grill. Open your first beer. Turn chiles with tongs until completely blistered. Remove chiles and place in paper bag until cool. Open second beer. Repeat process. I freeze my peppers in sets of 6 in plastic baggies, unpealed. I thaw and peal as needed. Enjoy!

Rating: 0
wrong, wrong, wrong. Film the chiles with vegetable oil before putting them on the flame. Roast them until they're absolutely black if you're going to be blending or slicing them, until just blistered if you're going to stuff them. Place the chiles in a tea towel, then into a plastic bag. For sliced/blended chiles, leave them at least 15 minutes or until completely cool. For stuffing chiles, let them sit about ten minutes. I peel chiles under running water, but you can rub them if you prefer, it will just take longer. It is important to get as much skin as possible off the chiles, it's extremely bitter and tough. The vegetable oil is really key and even a surprising amount of Mexicans don't know about this step. I was taught to do this by a Mexican chef.