Rating: 0
Love this recipe with Jil's Dune Single Vineyard Chenin Blanc from Springfontein Wine Estate in South Africa I am making it for guests this Easter - next time I will use less vegetable oil: I like the lean meat and sauce, and I will add dried prunes to the sauce to give it some sweetness! Love Epicurious!

Rating: 0
it does say when to add bacon..... Heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Add the shortening and bacon and cook, stirring, until shortening has melted and bacon has cooked halfway and rendered much of its fat. Drain the bacon fat from skillet Read More http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Braised-Rabbit-with-Bacon-Sage-Dumplings-363009#ixzz1bLDiyPVN

Rating: 2
If I could have given this recipe a 2.5 I would have. I've been looking at this recipe for weeks, and despite the poor directions(it never says where the cooked bacon goes, and a "bunch" of sage is way too vague for me) I gave it a shot anyway. I cut the recipe by half- only two of us. I put the cooked bacon in the braising mix (no bacon chunks in the final dish). Used 5-~1.5" leaves of sage, and 6-~1.5"long sprigs of thyme in the braise. The meat was nicely flavored. In the final stew I replaced some-not all- of the onion with leeks. The overall flavor of the dish was good. It was "sagey" but the flavor was not overpowering, and I would make it again. However the down sides to this dish are it's lack luster presentation, and pasty bacon sage dumplings. As far as presentation, ok let's face it- it is a stew- but it really did not look as appealing as it smelled and I would not make this dish if your looking for a-WOW factor. Second, I was really disappointed in the dumplings. I chose to cook them right at the finish (really they would not have held oiled or not). I worked in two batches (even tested cooking time with a couple of noodles), and only held them long enough so that I could add all of the dumplings to the stew at one time. Honestly, I almost did not add them because I was worried they would ruin the dish, and in retrospect I probably should have left them out. They turned into mushy fatty paste (true taste of southern cooking or not-they were really kind of nasty). If I try to make the dumplings again, I'd back off on the fat and add an egg to make them into more of a noodle -or- make a potato dumpling that holds together more.