Rating: 0
The sauce was awful-- tasted like cold condensed tomato soup from the can with a little kick.

Rating: 1
The sauce tastes good but not so much more then sauce without butter so I agree with other reviewers - no need for the extra calories. The method of cooking the shrimp is WRONG and over cooked the shrimp. Sticking to the old fashioned method of add to boiling water and watch shrimp until they turn pink, done.

Rating: 1
What a flop. The cocktail sauce tasted no better than plain ketchup/horseradish variety. And considering all the fat I added needlessly, I'm wondering 'what was I thinking?!?'

Rating: 3
I served it as an appetizer at a party - it was a hit. They asked where the sauce came from and I told them it was homemade - everyone wanted the recipe.

Rating: 4
Having read the other reviews, I didn't cook the shrimp as the recipe suggested, I followed the instructions from the seafood market. The four of us really liked the sauce a lot and combined with perfectly cooked shrimp, it was wonderful.

Rating: 2
I completely disagree with the cooking method for the shrimp. My husband raves when I steam shrimp for him. I simply use my electric vege/rice steamer, fill with beer (lager), sprinkle shrimp with old bay, & steam for 10-12 minutes. Never fails, perfect every time. Thanks for the cocktail sauce recipe, I will definitely make this again.

Rating: 1
Your approach to cooking shrimp is atrocious! This is the core to this dish, of course. If the shrimp is not good, then the most delightful and flavorful sauce will seem unacceptable. SHRIMP MUST NOT BE OVERCOOKED!!!!!! Your recipe overcooks the shrimp. My approach is to boiled salted and flavored water (lemon juice, bay leaves tec....) and while boiling to add the shrimp. Watch the pot closely. As the shrimp turns "pink", remove one shrimp, cut it, and if there is opacity in the center, return to pot, and monitor the cooking just until prior to the end of the opacity of the center of the shrimp. Immediately sieve the shrimp and immerse into ice water to stp the cooking. My guests Always rave that my shrimp is the Finest that they have ever eaten. It's really simple: do not overcook at all!

Rating: 4
This was a really easy way to make those great big shrimp. I added Old Bay seasonings and some Tabasco to the cooking water. The sauce was really good, but I doubled the horseradish. We like it HOT! Simple and yummy!