Rating: 3
Very nice combo of granita & baklava. The making of granita is a lengthy process, but tempers the sweetness of the baklava.

Rating: 1
This title is misleading. It should only read "Rose Water and Tea Granita", as instructing to buy Baklava at the store (and not giving the recipe as the title leads to believe) does not make an accurate title for this. It seems like a way to to prompt readers to order the Baklava from the website mentioned at the introduction of the recipe.

Rating: 0
The granita was scrumptious. I practically devoured every bite! I would suggest, however, creating an equally delectable baklava recipe for those of us who can't find readymade baklava easily.

Rating: 0
The granita was scrumptious. I practically devoured every bite! I would suggest, however, creating an equally delectable baklava recipe for those of us who can't find readymade baklava easily.

Rating: 4
This was really scrumptious. I have friends from Morocco, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Iran. All of them have prepared some version of the Granita for me -- but each country has a different name for the dessert. I was so excited to taste this recipe and have the wonderful familiar flavor explode in my mouth. I immediately made some more for my Persian friend and we giggled and gossiped over half the cake dish. Then the husbands and kids found us and it completely disappeared. I never did get the baklava. I must say my husband is a VERY picky eater and does not like most Middle Eastern foods. He devoured my second batch before it was finished with its final freezing. For those of you with caffine intolerance, you can use decaf black tea and it taste the same -- without the jitters. Another hint would be to use a hand blender since it can be awkward to dish out the semi-frozen glob and try and blend it in the food processor bit by bit. Also, if you are having trouble finding rose water, you can often find it in health food stores or in nutrition stores. Just make sure it does not have glycerine in it.