Rating: 3
The secret to cooking tapioca is simple. Soak the pearls in the milk for at least 20-30 minutes prior to cooking. Bring to a boil and cook at a med-low temp stirring constantly. Tapioca is done when all the pearls are translucent. Timing can be between 15 - 20 minutes. If your tapioca is chewy, you've cooked it too long. That said, I used coconut milk and rice milk instead of whole milk since I don't do dairy. Delicious!

Rating: 1
Very disappointed. The tapioca never really got soft, it stayed chewy forever. I cooked it for at least an hour. Stir stir stir.. stir stir stir. Don't you have to soak tapioca pearls overnight??

Rating: 3
I, too, ran out of patience about half way through. However, since I was using fine grained tapioca, I was able to cut the simmering step down to 10 minutes to cook the grains. I skipped the egg whites entirely (since I not only was running out of patience, I was running out of bowls, too). I did do the whipped cream step, and I am glad I did. I'm thinking I will do this step when I make tapioca pudding from now on. It makes it so much lighter and more delicate! The flavor in this pudding is very good: it is elegant and surprising enough to be served at a dinner party. I added vanilla bean because I love it.

Rating: 2
Took a really long time to make. I agree with the other comments about just toping normal 1hour tapioca w/ oranges and orange liquor.

Rating: 1
I didn't find the flavor to be worth more than the one fork. For the amount of labor it was just not worth it.

Rating: 4
YUMMY!!! I added vanilla paste and it tasted like a 50/50 Bar!!!! DELICIOUS!!!

Rating: 2
Tack on an extra hour for "freeing the sections from the membranes" and then another for recovering from your tedium headache. This tastes good but is so not worth the trouble. I used nearly every bowl in my kitchen and my fingers are shrivelled. Would just squeeze some oranges next time with the sugar and cointreau and skip the sectioning. Or better yet, throw some canned mandarin oranges into a pot with the sugar and cointreau and use as a topping to regular tapioca.

Rating: 0
No rating since I screwed it up. I used canned mandarins instead of regular oranges and they were quite tasty. What I did wrong (I think) was that I didn't stir it enough so it turned out mealy/grainy, and since it's a tapioca pudding, I couldn't strain it. I'll try it again and give it a rating. The most I can say at this point is that the flavor was pretty good, but not out of this world. It did have a very attractive presentation.