Rating: 3
While it's true that this recipe does not produce authentic piononos, it's really really delicious anyway. And since you're not deep frying and re-deep frying things, it's a lot lower in fat than the real thing. I agree about using riper plantains than what the recipe calls for- they're sweeter and bend more easily.

Rating: 1
3 ripe plantains, 1 cup frying oil Round toothpicks, as needed 1 garlic clove 1 tablespoonful diced pitted olives, 1 small green bell pepper, chopped 1 tablespoonful chopped onion 1 tablespoonful olive oil Salt, to taste, 1 1/2 cups lean ground meat 2 eggs, beaten 2 cups frying oil/Procedure: 1. Peel the plantains, discard the outer rind. 2. Slice the plantains lengthwise. You should get four slices out of an average ripe plantain. 3. Pour the frying oil in a medium saucepan and heat over medium heat. 4. Fry the plantains, a few at a time, until they change color to a light golden tan. 5. Remove the plantains. 6. Bend each plantain piece to form a round shape. Use one or two round toothpicks to hold the ends of the round, hollow plantains. 7. Add enough filling, 8. Baste the ends of the filling with beaten eggs. Fry over medium heat, using just enough oil to cover the bottom of your frying pan. Fry for two to three minutes or until the egg basting at the bottom of the pan looks cooked (omelet-like). 9. Carefully lift each pionono, turn over, and fry on the other side.

Rating: 0
I agree with Sylvia and Lilac. I've been making piononos for years and the correct way is like Sylvia said. I tried this recipe and it wasn't anything close to being a true pionono.

Rating: 2
This was ok. Not great, but I'd make it again.

Rating: 3
My husband and a guest raved about this. My problem was that the plantains were too rigid and would not curl. Can someone tell me what I did wrong? I followed the recipe.

Rating: 1
I agree with Sylvia; these aren't real piononos as far as my knowledge goes, and I should know since my grandma made them a lot while I was growing up. Real piononos are made just as Silvia said. Maybe this is a variation but defenitely not the original. For an actual Pionono recipe go to foodtv.com, their recipe is much closer to the real thing.

Rating: 1
As far as I'm concerned, piononos are not made out of baked ripe plantains and black beans, and cheese; instead they are riped, deep fried, plantain rings filled with pre-cooked ground beef or crab meat and topped with an egg and flour mixture and fried again.

Rating: 4
I made this dish a while ago but haven't forgotten it because my friends have not stopped talking about it. I brought it to a dinner party. Good presentation. Simple to make althought I remember some of my plantain slices didn't want to curve to form the rings so make sure the plantain is ripe and that you cook them long enough to soften them. Loved it and, again, my friends haven't stopped talking about it!