Rating: 4
I made this for Thanksgiving and it was a ridiculous hit! I grilled it with hickory chip for a smokey flavor that was outrageously good. The sour cream sauce is not a good fit, I would suggest a different sauce. Also another review suggested putting garlic and goat cheese, that also sounds awesome. Give this one a try!

Rating: 2
I made this with chicken instead of turkey. It wasn't bad, but I felt that overall it was very "meh" and I might make this again with some tweaks to boost the flavour. I think sundried tomatoes might be a good addition to the filling.

Rating: 1
No flavor! The only substitution I made was to use turkey scallops which were about 1/4" thick and I reduced the grilling time. In hindsight as I read the ingredients they're not real exciting. What did I expect? And what issue was this from again? It wasn't Bon Appetit August 2001 unless I'm missing something.

Rating: 2
tried it before using it for a buffet party for 40 - it was good but biggest problem was getting a 2 lb. turkey breast. There are no fresh ones that big (especially this time of yr) and from talking to butchers, they would not guarentee the amount of meat on a frozen one. So made it with a 1.5 lb. breast - turned out good but small - ok for family not for a party. Changed the menu and moved on.

Rating: 2
I only give this recipe two forks because I made some changes to it. With these changes, I would rate this recipe with 3 forks. First of all, I didn't use turkey breasts. My husband is not fond of turkey except for the traditional Thanksgiving one. I substituted pork tenderloin, butterflied it and pounded it just as the recipe said. I spread a layer of roasted garlic and basil flavored goat cheese over the pork after pounding and then pressed the roasted peppers and basil on top. I rolled it and grilled it as suggested. However, I didn't feel that the pork needed as much grilling time. The pork was moist and the filling to die for. It is a beautiful dish for company and not at all difficult to make. I also didn't care for the basil sauce and had some leftover basil aioli from some crab cakes that I made earlier in the week. The basil aioli is a better accompaniment. Here are the ingredients if interested: 1/2 cup mayo, 3 tbsp. chopped basil, 1 tsp. lemon juice, 1 1/2 tsp. garlic, lemon peel and some Frank's Red Hot sauce to taste. An enjoyable dish worth making again with the above changes! Good luck!