Rating: 2
it was ok. i used 1/2 a jalepeno, but the heat cooks out before this is done cooking. i left out the okra & corn, but added in two cans of pumpkin that I had on hand. It needs a lot more spices and herbs than this calls for. And I would use two full cans of coconut milk before putting any water in next time.

Rating: 4
This recipe is amazing for any vegans or vegetarians in your life. With some coconut rice. mmmmmmm! You have to use a huge pot and cut back on the H2O.

Rating: 3
Have recently became a vegetarian,so I scan old mags & sites & came across this. It is very good, but next time I will also cut back on the water. I liked that there were so many distinct veggies. Do very little stirring & cook in a good heavy pot at a LOW temp longer then the recipe calls for. Mine did look just like the pic, except juices too thin.

Rating: 0
I really enjoyed this recipe. It is very easy and full of flavor. I also thought it was a little runny and would add less water the next time. I served it over brown rice and the rice absorbed a lot of the sauce. I make blackened tilapia to go with it. If I was going to serve it as a vegetarian meal I would add a can of chickpeas.

Rating: 3
My husand is Trinidadian so "cookup" is common dish in the household--its for when you have leftovers (so its not the best thing to serve at a party), so there is a zillion variations on it. Cookup usually will burn before it absorbs all the water-unless u cook it REAL slow on low heat. I let this recipe cook to where the okra & cabbage melted but the eggplant stayed intact. You lose nutrients if you cook it down too much. I also added some salt fish to it to make it more authentic. We ate it with a hunk of italian bread and it was good. I added too much chile but I like my food very spicy so it was bearable. I loved that it was easy to make.

Rating: 3
I made this a part of a Jamaican dinner -- it was delicious. I did use okra -- but I would agree that it came out more liquidy than I expected. I would use less water next time. It didn't look particularly appetizing but was very tasty -- served it over brown rice.

Rating: 1
I had a similar experience as the first reviewer. Given my history of cooking cajun food, I remember that okra is used as a natural thickener. So, even though this recipe says okra is optional, i really think it's required in order to thicken the liquid before everything cooks down to mush (like mine did.) I'll try it again one day to see if okra really helps...i don't know of many west coast people who like okra.

Rating: 1
perhaps it was the directions, the recipe, or cook's error, but this just didn't come out very appetizing or tasty. i prepared it as instructed (no okra). i'm not sure what the direction "add water to partially cover veggies" meant. i added water, but still had plenty of uncovered veggies above the water line. the veggies got very "cooked down" as the recipe described but the mixture remained very 'liquidy' and never thickened. long after the approx 15 minutes, i took out at least a cup of the liquid, made a little cornstarch slurry so it would thicken ...which it did... a bit. it looked like a bunch of tan colored slop (nothing like the magazine pic) and tasted just ok. i served it to my dinner club (of all things!)... it was a tropical theme; i volunteered for a side dish and made coconut cilantro rice (from this site) which everone loved and this dish... which i must say everone ate. there was still a vat of it left which someone actually took home. i didn't want to look at it anymore. i thought this would be delicious... perhaps someone else will have better success.