Rating: 3
We made this recipe as written except we reduced the mayo to suit our tastes. Though our Johnnycakes didn't turn out looking neatly formed like the ones in the picture, we really enjoyed this. Served it as an entree with a salad on the side. Wonderful summer meal.

Rating: 2
Quite good, but polenta mixture was very runny. Used 1/2 mayo.

Rating: 0
So sorry, but I am very confused. There is no instruction to cook the crabmeat--how can you let it cool? It should be cooked, shouldn't it? Help, please.

Rating: 3
Agree with previous posts - Mayo definitely out of proportion to the crab. Also, I had to use Blue crab, but still good. I did not have enough Chives on my plant, so I added some red onion and it was fabulous. A note: let the crab cool for a few hours to let flavors meld too.

Rating: 4
I mislaid my Nov. recipe so thanks for the web site. I will make this recipe for the Christmas holiday & many more times. It's wonderful!

Rating: 1
I love the idea of the recipe, but the reality is something else. The "johnnycakes" aren't spectacular, but they don't merit a screed. What I don't like about this recipe is the crab dip. The mayonnaise to crab ratio is completely out of proportion so the expensive and delicious crab gets completely lost in a sea of mayo. I'm glad I did a trial run before I served this to guests. Use about a tablespoon of mayo and increase the lemon juice. Then, find some Old Bay seasoning or Tony Cachere's and toss that in with some celery. In short, abandon the recipe and do your own thing. Also, don't pile the dip onto the johnnycakes until just before you serve them~otherwise, the crab soaks through the cakes creating a texture nightmare.

Rating: 3
I was wondering if mcboyle even tasted these. They're wonderful and easy and just because they're not traditional doesn't make them bad. The polenta must be the "global influence." They're great and easy to make for unexpected guests.

Rating: 1
Johnnycakes, you say! Authentic johnnycakes,as my grandmother made them, are made with stone ground white cornmeal, especially Kenyon's Johnnycake mix from Kenyon's Grist Mill in R.I.(www.kenyonsgristmill.com) If you want to make "Polenta with Peekytoe Crab," fine, but don't refer to New England. Pilgrims did not eat polenta.