Rating: 0
A real Spanaird wouldn't use an oven to finish it off....but would use a microwave? Fail.

Rating: 4
The first time I tried this recipe, I halved it and used a 10 inch nonstick pan. It worked perfectly (even the flipping it out of the pan!) and was very delicious. However, I tried again with a much bigger pan and a full recipe with mixed results. It still tasted good, but it stuck to the pan and I didn't have a proper plate to flip it with. So a strong 4 stars with a non-stick pan.

Rating: 4
I just made this last night and my husband loved it. I followed the recipe as written but I cut down on the oil by half because it just didn't seem like it needed it. It was great.

Rating: 2
I think this recipe needs some practice. My potatoes weren't evenly cooked and when I flipped it over things stuck. I did do the finish off in the oven because when I tried to flip it per kirkiegirl's instructions, I made a huge mess. Still, this is a delicious really cheap thing to make. It tastes good the next day and is full of protein so I'm going to keep trying.

Rating: 1
There is NO WAY a real Spaniard would put a tortilla in the oven to finish it off - Not frying the potatoes and onions ok - but oven? To make a healthier tortilla place the potatoes and onions in a microwave safe dish, preferably not deep but wide. Drizzle with olive oil, cover and place in the microwave for increments of 3 mins, stirring after every 3 mins until potatoes are soft but not mushy. Allow to cool a bit, mix eggs, salt and pepper in a separate bowl until frothy, add to the cooled potato and onion mix and stir and let sit for a few mins. Oil a wide frying pan, but not too much, enough to just cover the bottom. Heat the pan until just before the smoking point (throw a bit of mixture in to see if it immediately bubbles. Pour in the mixture into the pan and swirl to even it out, turn down the heat and cover, check every minute to shake the pan and use a spatula to loosen from the sides. When the tortilla is bubbling in the center and the edges are browning... here is the fun part... cover the pan with a lightly greased cover, preferably a bit larger than the pan, and flip the tortilla into the cover (with oven mitts on the hands obviously) and then slide the tortilla back into the pan and cook for another few mins, flipping it again as before until desired doneness. (I know its not a word but until you make a tortilla you won´t get it) Most Spaniard in my experience in Spain prefer it a bit runny, others a bit more cooked, the tortilla is something that you have to play with and it all depends on the quality of the ingredients,sometimes the potatoes are starchier or immature.... just like any Spanish recipe - they give guidelines not rules....