Rating: 2
The method for cooking the beef is flawed. After 2 hours (covered) nearly all the liquid was gone, so I finished out the cooking time with the lid on. The veg melded in with the beef, and there was no liquid to strain out (not a problem, since they never tell you what to do with the liquid anyway). No need to shred the beef, as just stirring had it plenty shredded.

Rating: 3
The short ribs are amazing and incredibly easy. I would not make the sandwich again because I thought it dulled the great taste of the ribs.

Rating: 1
make the one from BA february 2010 on this site, it's awesome!

Rating: 1
Not worth it! Just reading the recipe was a waste of time.

Rating: 2
This tasted ok but honestly, wasn't worth the effort to save aside the short ribs from my boyfriend. It's grilled cheese with meat and onions on it. Too much work for non-memorable results.

Rating: 0
Did you click on the pickled onion link. That does give what seems like appropriate directions. I like the panini press idea.

Rating: 4
This sandwich is exquisite, but the recipe is problematic. Specifically: the pickled onion recipe omits the toasted spices and forgets to strain. It should read: Toast spices as directed. Boil vinegars with additions as directed. Once boiling, add spices, reduce heat and simmer one minute to release flavors. Remove from heat and steep 5 minutes. Slice, soak, and dry onions as directed. Place onions in small bowl and strain liquid onto onions. Stir to incorporate, then let sit 5-10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Finish as directed. When making the sandwiches, forget all the flipping and pans and oven - butter the bread as directed, brush buttered bread with grapeseed oil (optional - Govind uses grapeseed oil in all frying) and place in a preheated panini press. Cook til desired browning has occurred. Absent a panini press, simply cook in a fry pan, 3-4 minutes per side on medium. This greatly simplifies this preparation, and the results are VERY rewarding. If you ever wondered if cookbook recipes are tested before publishing, I think you have your answer.