Rating: 2
I was really gung ho to try this recipe. It sounds so intriguing. These flavors just didn't jive. I did use frozen sweet corn because it is not corn season in Ohio yet, but still it had a very starchy flavor. I will make it again though because I'm determined to like it. I will just have to play with the recipe.

Rating: 3
When I lived in the Orlando area, a big treat fo my son to go to a real Mexican ice cream shop where we were the only English speakers in the place. Oh! The ice cream was wonderful! All of it was freshly made and there were many flavors that were defintely not familiar to us. It was a joyful aventure,an excange in broken English and Spanish and and a whole lot of fun for all of us! One day, they gave this Gringa a sample of Maize Ice Cream. I think they expected me to make a face, but I loved it! So did my son. We don't live down there anymore, so our visits to the store are far between. I recently came home with an ice cream churn and the first thing my son asked for was Corn Ice Cream! So glad the recipe was here for us! Thank you!!!

Rating: 2
Finally tried this. Not exactly what I remember from Mexico, but good. The sweet corn flavor comes through, and some kernals can be left in, if desired, for more texture. My husband, who is from Mexico, likes it too, and says it tastes more natural than the corn ice cream of his homeland. For those who resist the idea of making a dessert from a vegetable, consider pumpkin pie, sweet potato pie, carrot cake, zucchini bread...

Rating: 0
I am going to try this one as soon as I can. In my little hometown in Puerto Rico back in 1968 an inventive ice cream parlor owner started making corn ice cream. The result was so good that he has gained deserved fame (even international) and to this day going to Lares to eat corn ice cream is a tradition for many. By the way, what do you think of avocado, beans and a long etcetera of untraditional ice cream flavors that the man has created?

Rating: 0
I have not tried this recipe but it sounds like the most disgusting thing I would want to eat. I believe in not knocking it before trying it but this is rediculous.