Rating: 0
Very nice flavor, but as others have noted, difficult technically. I recommend adding 1/4 cup water to the sugar before heating. Stir while heating until sugar is dissolved. Boil medium high without stirring, but washing down any sugar crystals with a brush dipped in cold water, until syrup begins to turn golden, about 5 minutes. Continue to boil, swirling pan occasionally, until syrup is a deep golden caramel. IMMEDIATELY (and carefully) add boiling hot water and scotch.

Rating: 2
This quick recipe took too long. I agree with the previous posts that the end product is good, but not really detailed properly on how to caramelize dry sugar. I probably wont use this recipe again. Like the first comment, I'll look for a "wet" spin to this recipe that will not cause my sugar to burn.

Rating: 3
It's tasty, and perfect on the bread-and-butter pudding. But this method of making caramel is a chore best left to a professional cook. I added just a touch of corn syrup to prevent crystallization; the recipe says nothing about crystallization at all, not even wiping down the sides. I should also have used the "wet" method of making caramel, where you add sugar and water, boil off the sugar, then let the sugar turn golden. With the dry method, part of the sugar is likely to start burning while the rest isn't even hot. The recipe doesn't make it clear that the caramel seizes after the liquid is added. So after you dodge potential disfigurement from splattering water, sugar and alchohol, you have to pound and stir and mash and boil what appears to be chewed wads of gum in the pan for about 15 minutes. I only got them to dissolve by adding additional hot water. The resultant sauce was runnier than I would have liked, but that consistency turned out to be perfect for soaking up by the bread pudding. In short, the flavor is great, it's worth making, but use a completely different caramelization method.

Rating: 2
It took forever to get the sugar to melt. And a semi dangerous recipe when adding the water and liquor (I added rum instead). And there were pieces of the caramel that remained hard that I had to remove. I added sauteed bananas as well. But everyone loved it - over the chocolate bread pudding.