Rating: 0
Can I use peppermint essential oil? Anyone know about this? I am pretty sure it can be used in food but nothing about how I would substitute for the extract. Thanks.

Rating: 2
I've made these twice. The first attempt with rasberries worked as expected. However, the second attempt with mint did not turn out as expected. Unlike BBofOC, I thought the flavor was outstanding prior to adding the extract. However, once the extract was added, I cooled the candy, started pouring, and suddenly a weird chemical reaction started. I could hear popping and the candy turned from the dense material you would expect to having a lot of air bubbles in it. Several things were different from the first try (1) increased humidity (2) first use of new/untested candy thermometer (3) I let it cool more than the first time. Does anyone with more exprience making candy know what happened here?

Rating: 3
I first attempted the raspberry version of this recipe, and had bad results since I used too small a pot and couldn't let it boil too much. Definitely use a larger pot than you think you need because boiling candy expands a lot. I tried it again, this time using 2/3 cup of strongly brewed chai tea. I got delicious chai lollipos. I don't know about the flavor choices Gourmet used for these, but this is a good basic recipe to make any flavor lollipop you want. Just use your strongly flavored liquid of choice.

Rating: 1
So Im's a bit dissapointed with this one. I made the syrup no problem. I poured out about 15 of them before the syrup started to get thick but when I reheated it lost its clear consistancy & the 4 more I poured were cloudy & full of bubbles. Number two, trying to get them off of the pan was not easy only 8 of the 19 lollipops survived the de- panning process, & I was being so gentle. Then number three, the taste was well... too herbaceous. They tasted more like mint tea than a mint candy, my wife compared them to cough drops, so if you are a fan of mint tea, hey knock yourself out. Perhaps I should have made the raspberry flavor, maybe that's why they showed them in the picture. All in all though it was a fun experience to make lollipops for the first time.