Rating: 2
well, it was a beautiful color. the problem is that it was delicious before i froze it. freezing made it grainy, and once it was super cold, the flavor wasn't as intense. i like the idea of this recipe and may tinker with it a bit. otherwise, i think i'll make the puree and sabayon to use with something baked and chocolate.

Rating: 1
Yes, it's very good. But for the effort, go buy yourself an expensive pint of cherry ice cream. I'm not one to shirk long preparations. I'm willing to spend all day making a dinner that takes less than an hour to eat. However, this took an hour and a half of effort (plus chilling between steps and when complete) and the final result was just good ice cream. You don't even get to hand off the work to an ice cream maker.

Rating: 2
I am not sure how this recipe was supposed to look like after it's done. Mine did not look great; plus the second part of the instructions where the egg yolk mixture was supposed to be cooked to 140 degrees was really impossible to do. Mine only reached 75 degrees and holding the metal bowl on top of another simmering pot (without touching the bottom!) was difficult and awkward. I am not sure I want to make this again using the same instructions but I do intend to simplify the part where the yolk mixture is cooked. It did taste good although I forgot to put in the chocolate chips and I just threw them in for toppping together with some slivered almonds. It was a good enough use of some fresh cherries of mine that were already over-ripe and would be wasted soon. However, pitting them all plus the complicated/experimental/unusual procedure of this recipe and the actual apppearance of the result does not justify all the work.

Rating: 4
The reciped didn't yield enough volume to go over the top of my 6-cup souffle dish, so I improvised, with great success. I melted the remaining chocolate from a 12 oz package with about 1T of butter and a splash of kirsch. I whipped up the egg whites, adding about 1/3C of sugar, and separately beat 1 1/2 cups of cream. I mixed it all together and put it on the top, making a terrific frozen chocolate mousse top. My family loved the whole thing!