Rating: 2
This is one of my favorite dishes from a portugese restaurant in Fall River my husband and I have been visiting for almost 30 years. I agree with other reviewers that think this version is too watery. The dish I'm accustomed to has this flavor sauce but with more intense flavor. I will make this again and use 1/4 cup of water and add a little more garlic. I also added a few drops of picante sauce.

Rating: 0
ive eatern this many times and as anthony bourdain has said, the portuguese make the best clams in the world. Unlike the moules marnier the recipe for these clams does not invlolve them being cooked in steam. (at least not entirely ) The traditional recipe involves heating up olive oil, frying garlic adding coriander and mixing in the clams The lemon juice is added just before serving. Some variants add the coriander just before serving as well, another variant is to add white wine. The basic point is that the water is released from the clams, not added. DONT ADD WATER TO THIS RECIPE as it will dilute the taste too much- The clams themselves will realeas enough juice

Rating: 3
Do not compare this to different clamp dishes. This is a very specific Portuguese recipe which is supposed to be watery. I love this dish for almost 20 years and now I decided to start trying to do it myself. I have researched a couple of other recipes, including portuguese ones, and this seems fair and is well explained. And yes, it is supposed to be watery, but no, not to be eaten with a spoon. You wet some buttered toasts and u fill the clams with the sauce. The watery effect is the secret of this recipe, where the balance from lemon herbs and amount of water are crucial. Some say u are only supposed to use a litle of olive oil only. Remember this is a fishermen recipe and olive oil used to be a luxury on the old days. That is why u use the toast and the water. Although it is not a soup. If anybody cares, my other favorites are "sopa alentejana", "migas" and "açorda de marisco". best wishes

Rating: 2
I've had better clam dishes similar to this one. It was too watery and not flavorful enough compared to others, even on this site.

Rating: 1
I followed this recipe exactly and was completely disappointed in the results. The sauce was far too watery...both consistency-wise and taste-wise.

Rating: 3
This recipe has been a favourite of mine from Portuguese restaurants. However, this version has much more sauce than the ones I've had before. It is more like an Italian "fish soup". If I make it again I will use much less liquid (and I used no water at all this time). I would like a version not eaten with a spoon.

Rating: 4
I haven't tried this recipe yet but I tasted this dish in Portugal and it seems to be the same. The cilantro makes the difference. Delicious!!! Can't wait to try it!