Rating: 4
This is a family favorite. Instead of pork chops, we serve the sauce over rice and sauteed potatoes, mushrooms, hominy, and, most importantly, cashews. I don't add the sesame seeds or peanuts. Instead I double the pumpkin seeds. Also, I use a 28oz can of tomatillos. The biggest change is I use canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce instead of jalapenos. (Actually, I just use the sauce--adding the chiles would make it too hot for my family.) We sprinkle this with ground cotija cheese.

Rating: 1
The ingredients looked so good! I should have taken you guys' word for this sauce. It wasn't near flavorful. I won't make it again, but if I did, I would try it with leaving out the peanuts. We thought they dominated it.

Rating: 3
I was searching for a "pipian" sauce recipe and came across this. Didn't make the pork, but used the sauce in a way it was served in a dish at a restaurant. A recommendation for the extra sauce: spoon some into a small cassarole dish, slice goat cheese rounds and place a few on top of the sauce, run in under the broiler until the goat cheese is warm and serve with grilled bread. A great "bread spread!"

Rating: 2
Interesting ingredients, but felt they were out of balance. I increased garlic to 3 cloves, and doubled the jalenpos. Next time I am cutting down on the cilantro, as it was overpowering. The texture was great and I am not giving up yet.

Rating: 0
Thinking that all the ingredients sounded great together AND that we have been to this restaurant and thought it was great we tried this recipe....AND it was terrible. The grilled pork was great but the sauce was a waste of time and $$$. It was bland and uninteresting and I can't imagine what would improve it.

Rating: 2
I thought the pipian sauce (which is really what the recipe is) was tasty; liked the cilantro and seed flavors together. Fun to try once but probably won't make again. Definitely cut it in half unless you have an army to feed. Yes, it does make 4+ cups of sauce, and I did drain and use only 1/4 c. reserved liquid, according to recipe--it calls for 1.5 c. broths, plus all those leaves, seeds, nuts, vegetables. It overflowed my food processor so I was probably a bit too timid in grinding it as long as I should have the first time around. The seeds are very fibrous, so be sure to grind long and hard. I put the leftovers back in for another round in the processor, and I'm now trying to think of other ways to use sauce ...

Rating: 0
Tomatillos make a wonderful sauce, so I'll definitely try this. The romaine might be a more subtle flavor, but I've made a similar tomatillo sauce (for enchildas) which uses fresh spinach if anyone is looking for something more 'green' .

Rating: 1
Be aware - the recipe as written makes 4 1/2 cups of sauce. All preferred the pork without the sauce, so I still have 4 cups left over. This one isn't staying in my permanent collection. Too bad; it sounded so good on paper.