Rating: 2
I think the concept is good, but the recipe doesn't work that well as written. Since there were so many reviewers who said the texture of the polenta was off, I just made it my usual way with regular (not instant) polenta, with a 4:1 ratio of water to polenta. The dish is much better with plenty of cheese added directly to the polenta at the end of cooking, rather than just a sprinkle on top at the end. Also, it's impossible to "spread" the arugula mixture over the polenta. The arugula is chunky and the polenta is soft. You really end up just sprinkling it. The arugula needs to be done before the polenta is done, or the polenta will firm up too much and the arugula won't stick. I added a little slice of sun-dried tomato to each for color and a little sweetness.

Rating: 0
Great dish, but I'd say that the polenta proportions are off a bit. You need more cornmeal to water, most recipes that I come across are 3 parts water to 1 part cornmeal, not 4 to 1 as this recipe suggests. I tried with the measurements listed here, and my polenta didn't set up and was awful (even with cooking as long as recipe suggested). Re-did the polenta using 3/1 like I usually do and it worked like a dream. Tasty, and the canapes were a hit when served.

Rating: 3
You won't have a problem with the polenta maintaining its shape if you just cook it as long as the directions say. It looks like it's done well before that, but you really need to get the water out. I've made this with arugula and with spinach and prefer the arugula, but it's not always easy to get good fresh arugula. No raves, but there were only 2 tiny pieces left. Too easy not to make again.

Rating: 1
Alas, this is the first time a recipe just didn't work. The arugula mixture didn't have enough punch and the polenta was mush. When a slice fell on the floor my dog wouldn't touch it; and my dog eats credit cards, ballpoint pens, and pantyhose...

Rating: 4
Easy to make ahead and a terrific hit at several parties it's been served at - I substituted spinach for the arugula leaves. This is easy and makes a large quanity. Perfect for a big party.

Rating: 1
The polenta was total mush after broiling.

Rating: 4
Easy to make ahead, and my guests raved. I might leave the oven on bake for a few minutes before switching it to broil, as they didn't really heat through enough for my taste.