Rating: 0
This recipe is wonderful. All of my guests loved it. I found it to be very well balanced, and loved the subtle spices. IF you enjoy Southwestern cuisine, you probably won't find it too spicy, as poblanos are a mild chile as a rule. Served with Camarones in Salsa Blanca. Will definitely be adding this to my repetoire.

Rating: 3
This soup tastes great, But I prefer a more hearty soup. I added some shredded chicken and cheese.It was great with homemade tortillas! I think it would also work well with white beans.

Rating: 4
Not for the faint of tongue! This soup does carry a heat punch, but it was very much appreciated by the majority of my guests as one of the hors d'oeuvres at our 8th Annual Progressive NYE dinner party. I cut back on the number of poblanos to 6 large because I had made a similar soup in the past that had fewer chilies and included potato and was still quite hot. I wasn't certain about the spice blend at first, but found it to be very appropriate. Also used my stick blender instead of the cumbersome method of transfering to blender. It was very elegent served in white espresso cups. I served near the cooktop and ladeled from soup pot into a gravy boat for serving and it worked great. We enjoyed the leftovers on NY Day as full servings of soup!

Rating: 1
We did not care for this soup, not well balanced, and we wouldn't serve it to guests. However, I took a portion and reduced it to a thick sauce and served it over pan seared shrimp and it was great. I'm saving the recipe to reduce to make a terrific poblano sauce.

Rating: 2
This is a novel idea for entertaining and our guests seemed to enjoy it moderately. They said it tasted "unusual" and "different." I thought the allspice and clove flavors were too pronounced. I would use only a dash of each next time. We also crushed corn chips to sprinkle on top to give it the something extra it needed. I found serving it to be awkward: stovetop to crockpot to ladle to decanter to shot glass. For the effort I would prefer a fantastic outcome.

Rating: 4
What a nice surprise! This soup is worth the effort. If you like poblanos this heat is nice but not overwhelming. We served it in small bowls topped with chives.