Rating: 2
Good recipe that I made several weeks ago. I am always attracted to anything with Tarragon, though I generally don't gravitate towards creamy sauces. I had the same experience with the sauce thickening too much, so i thinned it with a bit of skim. Overall, not bad, but a bit too rich for my taste - which i kind of expected given the ingredients. This recipe has turkey and tarragon and is a truer yet still innovative piccata because it incorporates citrus, capers and other piquant flavors. I have to say, it came out amazing. follow the link here - http://www.neurotickitchen.com/2012/12/turkey-piccata-pinot-grigio-elegant.html

Rating: 3
Yummy - My husband and I thought this was delicious and easy. I don't know why they called it piccata though - I agree with the other reviewer. Since turkey tenderloins seem tough to come by I used turkey cutlets (which are pre-flattened). It's very nice but needs to be salted generously.

Rating: 4
I logged on to send my sister this recipe after she had it at my house. She and her husband raved over it. It has been one of our favorites, and we think it has a lot of flavor. We are big fans of tarragon. I'm amazed at the reviews, so I had to add mine. Works very well with boneless chicken breasts as well.. The rest of the recipe is perfect as it stands.

Rating: 0
I searched this recipe to send a copy to my sister and was amazed at the reviews. This is one of our favorites and the sauce has a lot of flavor. We are lovers of anything with tarragon. I usually make this with boneless chicken breasts. It is my only deviation from the recipe. A winner!

Rating: 1
Wish I had read the reviews before making this. It was just really so-so. The cream sauce turned out really thick, kind of a weird consistency. Think the cutlets could have benefitted from a dusting of flour prior to sauteeing. You could then make a pan sauce with wine, stock and finished with a little cream, tarragon and mustard. Think this would give it more flavor. ANYWAY..the bottom line is that thie recipe as written is not a keeper.

Rating: 1
The name of this recipe is misleading. How can it be called "Piccata" when it contains no ingredients which are found in a piccata sauce - lemon, butter, parsley, white wine or broth?

Rating: 2
This was only so-so. I first tried the recipe as written, but found the sauce lacked something. I then added some chipolte which sparked it up a bit. Also, great care must be taken when ciiking the meat as it becomes dry very quickly.

Rating: 3
Wasn't sure about the use of tarragon with the turkey, but it went surprisingly well. I used bacon instead of the more expensive pancetta, but it worked well. Just make sure to crisp it well, but not over do it and blot with paper towels (to get excess grease). Loved it...even a few finicky eaters (kids) enjoyed it. Will definitely make the recipe again.