Rating: 2
I was somewhat disappointed in this - I love cardamom, but found that somehow it's intrinsic 'freshness' was lost, leaving only 'soapiness'. It was OK - but I would leave the cardamom out next time, and maybe garnish with mint or something similar.

Rating: 3
I promised to bring a fruit salad to a barbeque but didn't relish the idea of doing a bunch of endless, boring chopping. Surprisingly, this is one of the few true fruit-salad recipes on epicurious. And it certainly is unconventional. The recipe is accurate in noting that this would work well as a topping for pancakes. After having made it, I'd certainly agree. It's a bit syrupy to qualify as a regular fruit salad, in my opinion, but the flavors are very satisfying. Blackberries are hard to find around my neighborhood in NYC -- surprising this time of year, in early summer -- but I did manage to find one supermarket hawking them for a whopping $4.49 a half-pint! I sprung for one, and substituted half-a-pint of blueberries for the 2nd portion, with very good results. The flavors in this salad -- or should we call it a soup? -- blend beautifully. I should say, though, that at first taste the cardamom-infused honey struck me as having a soapy taste (I bought a new container of the spice to ensure that it was fresh). However, my husband, who is sensitive to unpleasant spices, pronounced it delicious, and I, too, found the flavors pleasingly "in sync" by the time it came time to eat the stuff.

Rating: 2
I made this as a colorful and healthy side dish to accompany my Christmas Prime Rib Dinner. I could not find blackberries this time of the year, so I substituted blueberries, which seemed to work out fine. My one thing is that this is most definitely a summer dish, because the peaches I used (and paid A LOT of money for) were not very good, hence creating a slight disappointment for me. My guests loved the cardomom flavor, though, and many asked for the recipe to try when summer fruits are in season here in freezing Minnesota.

Rating: 4
A fabulous fruit salad!! Light, easy, refreshing and delicious. Gorgeous, too - a glass bowl for serving is a must! I didn't think the cardamom was too much at all, it helped balance the sweetness of the honey. Cinnamon would be a good substitute, though, if you'd prefer. Definitely make a point of using freestone peaches! They're easier to work with than the cling peaches, with a much more attractive end result. As well as over pancakes and waffles, this would be wonderful on vanilla or cinnamon ice cream, in yogurt or in oatmeal. It would make a fantastic cobbler, also. There are so many possibilities!

Rating: 1
I used frozen peaches and omitted the blackberries; the salad was fine except for the amount of cardamom. If I make it again, I'll reduce the cardamom by up to half. Might also add some cinnamon.