Rating: 3
It's really not right that this recipe doesn't have a higher rating. It is delicious! It is a darker, deeper-flavored gingerbread due to the molasses, and the flavors simply sing next to the whipped cream and fruit. This is a great change of pace for dessert. I made it tonight for the first time in a long time and plan to bring it back into the rotation -- need to have it again soon!

Rating: 3
Altho this gingerbread recipe isn't as glamourous as some of the others here, the fam and I thoroughly enjoyed it, and it should be 3.5 forks. Loved the texture--an amazing light fluffy moist dense combination. Ginger flavor was a little weak, my hubby thought. I doubled the recipe but only had 1/2 C molasses so added some baby food puree (sweet potato, squash, blueberry, apple combo) and the molasses flavor was just right. It didn't take long for this to disappear.

Rating: 4
Wow - I can't believe the other people didn't like this. I printed this and several other gingerbread recipes two years ago with the intention to try them and pick the best. I never got past this one because it is so great. I've probably made it 30 times. It's so simple and easy and quick to get in the oven, and I've NEVER had it come out dry or flat or otherwise bad. It's easy to double and I've never had any problems with that, either. People I've made it for always ask for me to make it again. It IS best with whipped cream with powdered sugar and vanilla, or vanilla ice cream. Foolproof and delicious.

Rating: 2
Was looking for a slightly dense, moist gingerbread. This recipe yielded a gingerbread that was a little more cakelike/spongy than I would have liked, and I agree with previous reviewers that the molasses was overwhelming. The gingerbread had an almost bitter aftertaste. It was ok topped with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce, but not good enough to stand on its own.

Rating: 3
I've made this many times since it first appeared in the magazine. It is strong-flavored (a lot of molasses!) but light-textured, and a wonderful foil for fruit and whipped cream or ice cream. I think it is important to put it into the oven ASAP after adding the boiling water. This is a well-liked dessert at our house, winter or summer.

Rating: 1
This gingerbread was awfully dense and the molasses overwhelmed the dish until it tasted smoky instead of sweet. Was looking for a light, sweet, cake-like gingerbread. This was not it.