Rating: 2
I was disappointed to find that none of the strudel recipes on this site include the recipe for "real" strudel dough, but use some form of store-bought dough such as phyllo. Phyllo is just not the same. Strudel dough is very simple to make. The recipe from the Seattle cook is correct. You can even make the dough the day before, and rest it in the fridge over night. It will be perfect for stretching the next day.

Rating: 1
average

Rating: 0
I agree with A Cook From Seattle (04.11.01). Real Strudel dough is as that cook described, and although it takes time and patience, there is simply no substitute that comes close to duplicating it. However, in a pinch, when time is important, the "Strudel" as given in the recipe is a time-saver, has a flavor and texture all its own, and resembles more of an apple turnover than a Strudel. But that's all right. It's good. Delicious, in fact. Please follow the recipe for Strudel dough as given by the Cook from Seattle, and enjoy Apfelstrudel.

Rating: 1
Sorry, this is not real strudel. My family is from Germany where strudel is as common as apple pie here in the U.S. Strudel is not made with phyllo NOR puff pastry! Strudel is made with a dough made from flour, egg, oil and water. Kneeded, rested, then rolled and stretched out into a large thin sheet. It's buttered and the filling laid over half. Then the whole thing is rolled up and baked. The portions for the dough are: 1 1/2 cups of flour, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons of vegatable oil, a pinch of salt and 8-10 tablespoons of warm water. If you want to make Baklava use phyllo, if you want to make cream horns use puff pastry, if you want to make strudel use strudel dough. They are not all the same and do not give the same results.

Rating: 3
It is a fabulous recipe to offer as dessert. I made it with fillo dough and froze it raw. Bake it when I needed it. Fantastic.

Rating: 3
I substituted dried cranberries for the currants. I also doubled the cinnamon. I would recommend using 3 tablespoons white sugar and 3 brown sugar because the recipe did not seem sweet enough as is. I love this recipe because it is easy, yet impressive. I've rated this 3 forks mainly because of its simplicity. It can also be modified. I made it again the next day using the remaining 1/3 puff pastry, fresh strawberries, stawberry preserves and brown sugar. It was even better than the original!