Rating: 0
Like another reviewer earlier, my caramel sauce never thichkened or turned brown after two hours on the stove. So I just added more sugar to thicken it, which was very bad idea (as you see, I am not experienced), the sauce was too sweet. I wish I read these useful reviews earlier. Thank you all

Rating: 2
No offense to the pastry chef, but this is caramel sauce for Vietnamese cooking (which may be different than what you're used to). This recipe is too vague, though. Here's the one I use (straight from Vietnam): 1 cup sugar 3/4 cup water Fill the sink with lots of cold water. Combine sugar and 1/4 cup water in a heavy-bottomed saucepan and cook over medium-low heat. Stir until the sugar dissolves, 2 - 3 minutes. The mixture will become clear. There will be increasing bubbles. After maybe 15 minutes, the sugar mixture will begin changing color. First, it'll be light, then get darker and darker (to a red-wine-ish color). When the mixture starts smoking, take it off the burner and swirl it. The mixture will get darker-- moving from red wine to molasses colored. When that happens, put the pan in the cold water in your sink to stop it from cooking. Then add the last 1/2 cup of water (watch out for sizzling and spitting!) and put the pan back on the stove on medium heat, stirring until the caramel has dissolved.

Rating: 1
I am a professional pastry chef, and I can tell you what is wrong here. Too much water. In your pan put a dollop of corn syrup, then sugar and just enough water to moisten all of the sugar. Cook over med hi heat, and DO NOT stir, that is what is causing the crystallization. When it reaches a dark color then you add the extra water to thin, caramel will seize but start stirring at that time and it will thin out as it remelts

Rating: 3
I'm sure the caramel sauce is fantastic, but the 3 forks is for the lack of clarity in the recipe. I don't blame Seattle for being confused. The water that is added initially evaporates off giving back the sugar crystals. It should have been noted that these sugar crystals will eventually melt to a colorless liquid and then to a mahogany color when caramelization occurs. A little knowledge of chemistry goes a long way here.

Rating: 1
The sauce never turned brown, just a pale opaque-white, and thinking it would turn brown eventually I kept stirring on very low heat--didn't work, just crystalized. Didn't taste like caramel either--it had to be tossed. Very disappointing. Did I do something wrong? Followed recipe exactly, except didn't stir the ENTIRE 15 minutes.