Rating: 0
I already have a macaron recipe I love, but I am excited for the flavor combination suggestions! Thanks for the ideas. Some of the other reviews had questions that were left unanswered so I thought I'd provide some insight from my somewhat limited macaron experiences, ha: they are best the day they're made, though they will keep for up to five days or so in an airtight container. I froze them once for a couple weeks and they came out decent, too. Also, using a damp finger to pat down the tips on the cookies is pretty standard from what I've read, and works for me; maybe you applied too much pressure. Though I'd also suggest rapping the cookie sheet on the counter to knock them down, first.

Rating: 1
I'm a bit worried about the baking time given in this recipe. If I did that my macarons will brown. And you don't ever want your macarons to have any appearance of browning. I also think the suggestion to tamp the tops of the batter with wet finger. I made a mistake of doing this and the tops that got wet had holes on them after baking. Please edit this recipe.

Rating: 0
Hello I'm French and I wrote a typical recipe for macarons you can see here http://www.bestoffrenchfood.com.There are various ways to do macarons and I would enjoy to share them with you.

Rating: 2
This is only a so-so recipe for French Macaron. To really get a good macaron, you need to weigh all your ingredients & use proportionally to the egg white! I had "success" the first 2 times I made these but the third, not so great. Also, this recipe is really sickly sweet. I have since found a much better recipe that uses weight & doesn't overdo the sugar. Shame on you Gourmet- many people who cook from this magazine are quite capable of weighing ingredients (like the pros do) & in a macaron recipe, it is really important. This isn't a chocolate chip cookie recipe!

Rating: 0
I was wondering how long they stay fresh....I am having a party and want to know how far in advance I can make them.

Rating: 3
I made the Chocolate Earl Grey variation and they were quite tasty, although the earl grey lost it's flavor rather quickly. I made the biggest mess in my kitchen making these. Just getting the batter into the pastry bag was a challenge! Use a very small tip on the pastry bag. I used one that was a tad too large and too much came out and they spread, so I ended up with 17 macarons instead of 30. Because the cookie part was so wide/flat, they didn't hold their chewiness, but the flavor was still quite good. I will try them again soon making smaller dabs and I hope they will turn out like the French macarons I know. In the meantime, I don't think LaDuree will be hiring me anytime soon.