Rating: 1
We agree these are GreatIngredients, this was just not a good recipe the way they were used. If you made and ate or make this particular recipe the serving quantity is way off unless you are a bottomlessw pit, and it is very bland as written. This is just 6 guys opinions who actually ate this stuff. Of course we realize tastes vary so it is what it is. Just our opinion. Thats what this review is for.

Rating: 3
Sorry guys but this is a great food: The taste of the vegetables and the chickpeas, after hours of slow cooking with the meat, are really good. It's not an strange thing in Spain or in Portugal, even in France, cooking vegetables and pork meat together, and then, serve and eat it separately. Spanish cocido madrileño or French Casoulette are just a couple of examples of what I'm trying to explain.

Rating: 1
Someone poked the monkey on this recipe!! "Traditionlly the broth, the meat, the vegetables are served seperately"???? yes we would serve it in a bowl all together! No wait i want to sit and pick out the peas, pickout the kale,pick out the leeks,etc.etc. whaaaaaaat??? No flavor, in this recipe thats not palatable but at least the ribmeat can be dug out and put on a hot flatgrill add some BBQ sauce and have a sandwich. A waste of good meat and veggies that could be stars in other dishes. Poker Guys are no way on this one!

Rating: 0
No forks here. I'm with Zepcom. This is a most boring recipe. I love leeks and sometimes kale...but the amount of boiled meat in this almost turns my stomach. Seriously much better soups and stews out there. Also agree that it made lots more than eight servings...especially if no one eats it!

Rating: 2
File this under the "What Was I Thinking?" category. This dish, which has not a sniff of spices, derives all of its flavour from the spicier of the meats in the dish (chorizo, pancetta). Basically, this is boiled meat with a small number of vegetables and chickpeas. As for the vegetables, I haven't really cooked with kale much, and this recipe hasn't made me think I've made mistakes in avoiding it in the past. So, in short, if you like boiled meat, this is the dish for you. For me, it was just kind of blah. Also, I don't know what kind of giants are testing these recipes, but this definitely makes for more than eight. Hell, it's more than six pounds of meat!!