Rating: 2
I made this after reading the terrible reviews and it actually turned out tasting pretty good.Not too sweet, just refreshingly tart and not the least bit salty. However, the end product looked nothing like this picture. What I got was more of a "key lime mousse topped with roasted marshmallow". I agree that 20 minutes is too long for baking the crust, 15 would have sufficed. Ten Mexican key limes (not 18) yielded 1/3 cup of fresh juice. I followed the chilling times exactly, but the curd never solidied which is why it had a mousse-like consistency. The meringue was delicious, but very difficult to spread because it was quite thick. If I make this again, I'd use a different crust recipe or just take it our sooner.

Rating: 1
I agree with other reviewers: there's just something flat out wrong about this recipe. I made the crust twice; the first time it burnt irrevocably, the second I pulled it out a full 15 mins early to find it still overdone and split in the middle. Despite the splitting problems, the curst was still tender so it wasn't an issue of overworked dough. I don't completely trust the curd recipe either. I make lemon curd very frequently and it's much thicker than how this turned out. However, I will say that the meringue worked spot on for me. It was the only part of this recipe that I wouldn't alter. Moving forward, I'll use my own pastry crust recipe and make my curd recipe (substituting limes for lemons). This is great in theory, but something's amiss for sure.

Rating: 1
Looked at the tart shell dough, and used my own, followed the directions on the curd which is different than others I have seen. Ended up with solids after straining it, however it tastes extremely salty. May try it again but..

Rating: 0
Same issues with the crust, I didn't have it in for even 20 min total. And the recipe didn't seem to make enough curd to fill the tart. Hoping it all comes together in the end and my husband loves it for his birthday.,...but I'm kinda having doubts.

Rating: 1
The crust recipe is fundamentally wrong- 3/4c flour does not make enough dough to roll out an 11" round (especially a weak dough with cream cheese and sugar in it) and it certainly will not take 45 minutes for a crust that thin to bake (i pulled mine out at 30 minutes and it was overdone).