Rating: 1
Inedible - Jamie Oliver's recipes are delicious but often lacking important specifics. Please do yourself a favor and if you are planning to make this, or any of his recipes for a special occasion, make a test one beforehand! Once you have perfected it, then you can feel confident about spending $25 dollars on vanilla beans. Way too much liquid - the ladyfingers were mush - the marscapone mixture was grainy and brown from the sherry, so it also looked unappetizing. I suggeset Ina Garten's recipe instead.

Rating: 1
I am afraid if I could have given this 0 forks I would have! The problem was with the orange juice/zest which completely overpowered everything else. Our Valentine's dessert turned out soggy and overwhelmingly orange-flavoured, even though I used Illy coffee to soak the sponge fingers! Jamie! You should know better!

Rating: 0
In "The Cook's Thesaurus," the following are suggested: (1) Blend 8 ounces softened cream cheese with 1/4 cup whipping cream, or (2) blend 8 ounces softened cream cheese with 1 tablespoon cream or butter or milk, or (3) Blend 6 ounces softened cream cheese with 1/4 cup butter and 1/4 cup sour cream (or Montrachet). To those who found the cheese expensive or gritty..then substitute..I use Cottage cheese as I have a food processor and I zap it through that until smooth..I get great reviews and it is so easy to make

Rating: 3
This was quite delicious but I need ed a hand mixer - not a whisk - to mix the mascarpone. It was also a bit too watery at the bottom and next time will cut down on the coffee/orange juice.

Rating: 1
I'm sorry that I made this for Valentines Day. It would have been good if only I could have gotten the marscapone to the right consistency. The directions were to "whisk" it, which I did, but instead of turning out creamy and smooth, the texture was kind of disgusting and grainy. I'm not sure how to do that, but there was certainly no clue in the recipe!

Rating: 2
This was a costly dessert.Vanilla beans were $11 each, so I used one, and 1/4 tsp. extract. Altogether this could be dessert for 8 people for about $34.00. For that price this should rate 4 forks. I did like the ease of the recipe, the only time consuming part was grating the chocolate. This dish was better the second day.