Rating: 1
This was awful, a waste of perfectly good vegetables. Absolutely tasteless. I threw it out!

Rating: 0
With the anchovies and the previous reviews, this looked like an interesting challenge. I made twice two batches for potluck functions. Here a few additional tips: - It is crucial that the anchovies fully dissolve as described , which needs the right temperature of the oil (start a bit low and increase). The typical anchovies smell will disappear and give way to an interesting flavor. It will not smell like anchovies. - If you don't want/have anchovies, I made a separate batch with finely chopped almonds and finely chopped capers in liue of the anchovies. People liked that too. - Next time, I would pre-cook the sweet potatoes just a little bit (Microwave 3 minutes?). They do take longer than zuccini and squash, and were never done right. Also make sure you cut them thin as prescribed, - Finally, like someone else pointed out, increase the amount of oil and its ingredients. This is basically a marinade for the vegetables, and you rather have too much than too little. Many people will think this is a lot of work for a basic vegetable casserole with a fancy name, but the unique result is worth the trouble.

Rating: 3
I really enjoyed the dish as did all of my dinner guests. I used three chinese eggplant, 2 zucchinis, and 2 sweet potatoes and it made a lot of tian; easily enough for 8 and that was without the yellow squash. With the volume of vegetables I made a strategic decision to add a couple more tablespoons of oil. The dish is a really lovely twist on ratatouille. The anchovies and nutmeg give the dish a subtle depth and not an additional flavor. When my guests saw me working with anchovies they got worried. Then when they ate it, they all asked what I had the used the anchovies in. I just smiled and told them it was my little secret.

Rating: 1
UGH. I ended up throwing this away. What a waste. I love anchovies but they gave this dish nothing but a weird taste. Nutmeg and anchovy is a bizarre combination, at least here. I would NOT make again as written.

Rating: 2
This was okay. A couple of tweeks are needed: 1) The biggest issue was the dish wasn't fully cooked in 30 minutes total. (My oven temp was correct, double checked.) Next time, I'll bake it for 30 minutes under foil, then another 25-30 minutes uncovered with the cheese. 2) Like the anchovies a lot, but it was overwhelmed by the 4 garlic cloves. Next time, I'll saute sliced onion for 10-15 minutes, then add 2-3 cloves, then the anchovies.