Rating: 3
I made it for chilly Mothers day in 2010, and the warmed fruit in white clouds of cream was comforting. Though I skipped the blueberries, because they were not yet in season, I used 3 ripe mangoes, which I believe made it naturally thicker and sweeter. I also extend the cooking time by a few minutes to give more browning.

Rating: 2
I made this as part of my mother's day feast. I agree with the earlier reviews about the soupiness of the dish. While it tasted great, it was really difficult to make it look appetizing. If you are going to make this, I highly recommend using ramekins so it would have a more creme brulee look. Also make sure that you have really dried off your fruit. Unlike other reviewers, I had no problems with the sweetness, but I had really good berries. Lastly, I did modify the fruit used, I used blackberries, blueberries, strawberries and peaches (which were homegrown but had been frozen, which i think contributed to the soupiness). But again, I don't think that would be a problem if cooked in a self contained manner.

Rating: 1
I like mascarpone and fresh fruit and I'm no stranger to making Chantilly creme, but this is a mess-- too soupy for a pudding, too curdly to top cake slices. It calls for 3+ pints fresh fruit, which is quite a bit to bake with only the two tablespoons of sugar in the Chantilly; other than the mango pieces the other fruits, the berries, were bitter. The mango pieces turned into unrecognizable lumps but at least they tasted good. This much fresh fruit was going to make a good bit of juice when cooked, which could have made a tasty berry mush, but the combination of fruits is off. I added 1/2 teaspoon of orange zest and 1/8 teaspoon ginger, but neither of these should have adversely affected the flavor or consistency of the dessert. And yes, I baked till the marscapone-whipped cream-Chantilly mixture was mostly golden brown. Thought I'd found a nice recipe to end an Italian meal but I'm stickin' to tiramisu. What a waste of fresh berries, a mango, perfectly good batch of Chantilly creme and marscapone!

Rating: 0
YUCK!! Not worth the time or money.