Rating: 4
This is our favorite recipe for roasted chicken--have made it at least a half a dozen times now, and everyone I've shared it with loves it, too. I make it exactly as written, including the full amount of porcinis. I recommend purchasing them on amazon.com--you can get 16 oz. for $36.99 as of the date I'm writing this (I'm now on my second package bought through them, as we love porcinis!). Ok, one very minor thing I do slightly differently is I simply pour the 'glaze' over the chicken rather than brushing--it just isn't that thick. It doesn't need to be, though--it comes out tasting great on the skin, plus the sauce is great for turning into gravy. It's a weekend dish for sure, but not difficult :)

Rating: 3
A very good roast chicken that all agreed should be made again. Gravy was a highlight. Not a difficult recipe but not something for a weeknight. I too used only .5 oz of porcini and made up rest with fresh, brown mushrooms. Did not make potatoes as listed but followed other reviewer's idea of twice cooked new potatoes - also a hit.Note: I used Madiera instead of Marsala (not intended, just happened) and still a great recipe. Will try Marsala next time!

Rating: 3
This was good, just not "over the top" great. The glaze would not stick to the chicken. Most of it ran off and ended up in the sauce making it quite thick. I added some white wine to thin it down and it was quite good with the chicken. Due to the $$$ price of the porcinis, I only used one 1 oz. pkg. and then subbed regular fresh white mushrooms for the rest, they came out with plenty of earthy porcini flavor. I served the mushrooms on the side by themselves, as I did not make these particular potatoes. I took baby yukon golds, parboiled them, then gently smashed them with the heel of my hand to make little potato patties. Put them on a shallow rimmed cookie sheet, drizzle with EVOO, salt and pepper and baked along side the chicken for about 25- 30 min. till crisp. That's my idea of "crisp potatoes". The chicken did have good flavor as well, and the earthy flavor of the reduced porcini liquid with the pan juices went well in the sauce. Oh, be sure defat your drippings before doing the pan sauce. The recipe doesn't tell you to do that, but you surely don't want all that chicken fat in the sauce. May make again with some minor adjustments, like less honey in the glaze.