Rating: 4
This is a lovely luncheon dish. They can be reheated as follows: after cooking, let sit for a fe minutes, then run a sharp knife around the sides and turn out onto a heavily buttered baking dish. Refrigerate, covered, overnight. Bring to room temperature for about 30 minutes, then reheat at 400 for about 5 minutes. Although the recipe didn't call for it, I prefer baking them in a water bath, haflway up the sides of the dishes on the first baking. These stayed puffed very well.

Rating: 2
This dish dissapointed me a bit. I was expecting something fabulous, but it was rather bland and ordinary. I give it two forks because my dissapointment could be due in part to the goat cheese I used, I couldn't find montrachet...the one I bought was aged, sort of half brie-ish and half chevre, so after cutting off the rind, I was left with less than expected. The salad dressing was very good, though.

Rating: 0
i have not tried this recipe but was wondering if i could use a full size souffle dish? i have a large one from williams sonoma. if so, how should i adjust the recipe?

Rating: 3
I made this recipe, but used the baking directions for another one and baked the souffles in a bain-marie at 375 for 25 minutes then at 425 for 5 minutes. Let them stand in the water for 30 minutes, then turn them out of the molds and refirgerate. Reheat at 425 for 5 minutes to serve. Works out great with no last minute souffle fuss! They stay puffy and were a graeat success. I'm definitely going to make them again.

Rating: 4
I ended up using 4 larger ramekins rather than the 8 1/2 cup. I added 10 minutes to the bake time, but they still dropped upon exiting the oven. But boy were they yummy! I definitely recommend the recipe. I like the salad, too.

Rating: 3
This was FABULOUS!! My guests really enjoyed this salad. Very rich, very satisfying! I would like to know if I could prepare the souffle mixture and refrigerate until ready to bake? This is well worth the effort!! Can't wait to make it again!