Rating: 4
Haven't made this particular recipe but can add a couple thoughts just the same. Schnitzel is one of my families favorite recipes so it gets made often. Never have used butter and oil together for frying, does it really mean together? I seem to remember a lemon butter type sauce to drizzle sparingly over the cutlets from the old country but that was a while ago. (4T butter, juice 1/2 lemon, whisked.) Never have used cream in the egg dredge, typically milk to reduce calories. It's VERY important to float the cutlets in the oil, if they touch the bottom of the pan, they can burn easily and absorb more oil. A good variation is Jaeger Schnitzel, prep same way but use veal or pork loin cutlets pounded to same thickness (a plastic ziplock type bag makes this easy and clean. Use brown gravy w/mushrooms over the top. We use commercial brown gravy mix for ease and heavy on the mushrooms. For 4 servings, I'd use 2 packets of gravy and 1 to 1.5# brown mushrooms. Salting the cutlets to your taste is important to get the right flavor profile when eating and is one of the toughest to get "just right". Remember, some washes off during the egg dredge. Good Eating!

Rating: 2
I'm giving this only two forks because it was just...."meh". I come to epicurious when I want something more than just basic. If you're new to schnitzels or European cooking, this is a good, solid, no-fail recipe. It's fried but not heavy. But if you wanted something more than just a basic schnitzel, try a different recipe. I would, of course, make schnitzel again. (I live in German/Polish Milwaukee, afte all). But I wouldn't need this recipe to help me do it.

Rating: 4
Excellent. Light and tasty breaded crust, just like an authentic German restaurant in town! I used the eye of round and was very happy with it. Even my daughter who doesn't like meat, enjoyed this Schnitzel. I will definitely make again! Next time I would cut the salt down to 2tsp instead of 3tsp. I had a lot of the flour and bread crumb mixtures left over. Made recipe per directions, and could have cooked a lot more meat.