Rating: 3
I made this with duck and argan oil. It was fabulous.

Rating: 4
Great dish! As quince is a bit hard to find I didn't want to spend hours looking at different stores. I substituted Asian pears for the quince. It left the jam a bit runny and it just wouldn't thicken. The taste of the glaze more than made up for the textural difference. Word of warning. Don't skip the glaze or the truffle oil as it is a prominent taste. When I make it again I will probably add a bit more lemon to keep it from being a bit lost.

Rating: 3
This was really yummy. However, I took some liberties with the recipe. I didn't think the quince jam would add much, so I skipped it. Same with the truffle oil. It was great without those extra steps. I didn't have champagne vinegar so I used a combination of rice wine vinegar and red wine vinegar. I used only about 2 tbsp brown sugar and 2 tbsp of honey. Instead of pre-cooking the arborio rice, I made actual risotto. In the risotto I put half a shallot, a whole grated grannysmith apple, lemon juice, and a lot more chicken broth (about 3 cups). When it was almost done, I added more apple chunks and the crab. It came out great and probably tastier although it was slightly more work.

Rating: 2
For a recipe filled with relatively pricey and hard-to-find ingredients and one involving considerable advance preparation, this yields a mediocre product. My husband thought it was "okay," and I actually thought it was somewhat unpleasant. Some of my simple weekday "stand-by" recipes are tastier.

Rating: 4
My boyfriend brought this recipe home and I was skeptical reading the ingredient list alone. But do not let that intimidate you, the flavors blend together in a manner which is magical. I am normally not a salmon fan, but felt that the texture and flavor lent itself to this experience very well. This meal is Rich, from the crab risotto, but cut nicely by the vinegar in the sauce and jam, savory thanks to the truffle oil and shallots and sweet due to the Jam and brown sugar. It really is a wonderful dish, I highly recommend.