Rating: 4
Well, I have gone back to try this again. Like I said earlier, my guests loved the taste of this recipe, but, I was used to a completely different color for sabayon. However, after attending a class that served Kahlua sabayon, and noticing the even darker color, I decided to try this recipe again. I have made it 3 additional times and each time, people have raved about it. My mistake-I had never seen sabayon any other color than yellow, so, I was thrown for a loop after making this and seeing the tan color. Saba is a very unique thing to use-just make sure you are using try Saba, and not "La Saba." You should be able to tell by the price-I bought the La Saba for 7 bucks(8.5 oz.) The Saba cost me 23 bucks(8.5 oz.)and it is worth every extra dollar.....the taste on this is really very good and catches people by surprise.....

Rating: 2
I went out to buy all the ingredients necessary to make this the minute I saw it. It tasted very, very good. But, the color was very unattractive. It was brown! I tried it again thinking I made some kind of mistake, and it turned out the exact same color-brown. Knowing there is such a thing as "white balsamic vinegar", I started to think that maybe there was such a thing as white saba, but, there is not. I filled a schooner with mounds of vanilla ice cream, fresh strawberries, bananas, and blueberries, and then this ugly brown sauce! It did taste good, but the visual appeal was a real downer. I think I will stick to the standard sabayon recipe, unless I find out how to make it the right color-yellow!

Rating: 3
I don't know what I did wrong but my sabayon turned out looking tan rather than yellow like in the picture. I followed the directions to the letter. I haven't tasted it yet since it needs to be refrigerated for an hour before we eat. It looks good but the color really perplexes me. Has anyone had this result? I'd love to hear from you- perhaps you have a suggestion? cdsnow@cox.net

Rating: 4
My guests loved it! It's a keeper.