Rating: 0
The base recipe without the food coloring advises letting the marshmallows sit for 2 to 3 hours before turning them out to be cut. I have not tried either (yet!) but I expect that step was accidentally omitted in the pink swirl version, which would account for why a prior reviewer had trouble getting them out of the pan. See http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/OMG-Homemade-Marshmallows-369429

Rating: 4
My grandson and I made these as a part of our Christmas treat-making. The hints about using powdered sugar and cornstarch were helpful. They were delicious and festive. Time to make more!

Rating: 3
From another marshamallow recipe: If you mix cornstarch with the powdered sugar and use that mixture to coat the pan the marshmallows will not stick. I then laid the solid form on a cutting board dustred with powdered sugar and used a pizza cutter coated in powdered sugar for cutting the strips. Enjoy! Margaret Canfield

Rating: 4
Have you ever made marshmallows before? Neither had I. I must say I was a little nervous setting out, but these marshmallows proved pretty straightforward. I followed the recipe exactly and made two batches. Two comments: 1)the part where you alternate spoonfuls of pink and white marshmallow into the dish is not quite as smooth as it sounds (it sticks to the spoon(s) as you can imagine melted marshmallow would)--this really isn't a problem, just something to anticipate. 2)The only part I found challenging was lifting the marshmallow from the pan. This is not as straightforward a process as the recipe suggests. My marshmallow did not simply fall onto the cutting board once I loosened the sides. Using a 4" metal chopper with a wooden handle, dipped in water, I was able to both loosen the sides and scrape the marshmallow off the bottom of the pan while maintaining the marshmallow's form. Once they were on the dusted cutting board, I cut with a large serrated knife dipped in water to prevent sticking. I also found that dusting the freshly cut sides with a little more powdered sugar as I went along prevented them from sticking to each other. Two peppermint marshmallows with a mug of hot chocolate makes for a delectable cold-weather treat. Enjoy!