Rating: 4
This worked great. Very easy. I cut the chard, as opposed to pureeing. You could probably add more salt as the dough hides it very well.

Rating: 4
This is an excellent way to hide vegetables in a dish, and it's outrageously delicious too! Very labor intensive, but if you freeze them, you can just drop them in boiling water and have dinner ready in minutes. A friend of mine said these were the best gnocchi she's had, better than any restaurant. I can't say I disagree. I serve it with a sauce made from olive oil, garlic and cannelini beans.

Rating: 0
I am reviewing without having done the recipe, because I am from the french riviera and my husband's family is from Nice and this recipe, although I am sure it is good is not the traditionnal one. You shouldn't use oil in the dough,and instead use some flour. Also , don't pure the chards in a food processor. Drain well and hand chop very finely. These gnocchi are traditionnaly called Merda de can and should have an oblong shape with fine pointed ends and no ribs. If you still want to have the ribs on the gnocchi, like plain gnocchi are, I would suggest you use a fork and your thumb. Again I am sure this recipe is very good, I will try it, but this is not nicois.

Rating: 3
This was delicious and well-loved by my dinner guests. As the flavor of the chard inside the gnocchi is delicate I substituted the thick tomato sauce with a simple sauce made from baked Roma tomatoes, salt, olive oil and marjoram. It was light enough to let the flavor of the gnocchi come through. Overall a lovely dish, but it does take some time and work to prepare.

Rating: 1
I've been looking for recipes due to bumper crop of swiss chard this year. I've made better gnocchi both in taste and appearance. The color was an unappealing green.

Rating: 3
This dish was one of the best pasta dishes I have ever made. It made more than enough for 1 meal so I would reccommend halving the recipe. I though it was good cooked with butter and minced garlic rather than putting tomato sauce on it. I would love to make it again.