Rating: 4
I've been looking for this recipe. I make it years ago when it was first published in bon appetit, when I first started making cakes from scratch. My sister-in-laws loved it, I look forward to making it again. Although as I recall it did take some time to make.

Rating: 2
The icing was awesome! The cake was awful - DRY! The icing; easy & delicious although the recipe made double of what you need. Couldn't taste the peppermint in the cake either. I am saving the icing recipe and trashing the cake recipe!

Rating: 1
I thought this cake was dry and TERRIBLE, i dont know what i did wrong, im usually pretty successful!-Still in search of a great chocolate cake recipe!

Rating: 0
I printed this recipe for my husband's birthday cake but started running short on time--so I picked up a gourmet chocolate layer cake mix at Whole Foods and added a few drops of peppermint extract to the batter, and then I added a few more drops to a can of Duncan Hines milk chocolate frosting and marbled it with dark chocolate frosting. The cake was AMAZING and my husband, who isn't usually big on dessert, ate a piece of it every day until it was finished. I'm sure this recipe is great, but if you're short on time, you can be sure that peppermint extract adds the same effect to a good cake mix and store-bought frosting.

Rating: 4
Wow! This recipe was just what I was looking for. The combination of chocolate and peppermint was just devine. I agree with the cook from Las Vegas that you end up with a lot more frosting than is needed; next time I will make half the recipe. I think this would be great served with peppermint ice cream. I will definitely make this again and again!

Rating: 3
Very forgiving recipe! I made this cake in a BIG rush, didn't measure ingredients very carefully, and it still turned out perfect! Very moist, and the peppermint was just right, not overpowering. Made way more frosting than needed, even though I frosted it very generously. Still had a whole bowl of frosting to freeze. I served it with Haagen Daz "Belgian Chocolate" ice cream for a truly decadent chocolate dessert.

Rating: 4
The cake was absolutely delicious and easy to make. A definite MUST KEEP recipe

Rating: 4
The recipe should read "3/4 cup chocolate chips". This cake is absolutely delicious!!!!! I've made it several times for large parties and fundraisers and everyone always loves it. It's very rich and goes a long way. It also freezes well and looks wonderful. Need I say more?!