Rating: 2
I tried to make this for the three-berry pie but I didnt have enough pastry for a 9 inch double crust pie and it broke apart while i was rolling it out and then rolling it on the rolling pin to transfer it to the pie dish. I have to piece it together on the dish... did anyone have problems with the portions?

Rating: 0
This recipe is almost exact to the foolproof pie dough on another site. I like this one better. I use vodka instead of the water, as vodka will leave no taste but make your dough easier to roll out.

Rating: 4
The best pastry dough I've found on this site. I use it for everything: sweet pies, savory pies, pot pies, quiche, etc. Use your hands!

Rating: 3
This crust works nicely and comes out flaky and light. I made it with the berry pie on a hot day. After an hour in the refrigerator, it wasn't cold. I ended up freezing it for a few minutes and freezing again after rolling. It still turned out well.

Rating: 3
I was thrilled with this recipe. I had started experimenting with pie crust for the first time, and I tried a different recipe from epicurious, which was a monumental disaster- it crumbled into pieces when we rolled it out to place in the pie plate, and we ended up having to press the little pieces together into the dish to make a crust. This is despite adding more flour to counter to keep it from sticking, and adding water to the dough to keep it from crumbling. I didn't have a food processor, perhaps that was the issue- but I don't want to go out and buy one simply for pastry dough. So I tried this one, and it was fabulous- I did need more than the 5 T of ice water it called for, but other than that, it was maleable, moist, and it didn't burn at all. Only complaint is that I was using it for a recipe that called for pre-baking the crust before putting the filling in, and I ruined the first half by trying to bake it- it simply started to melt and shrink. I simply baked the second half with the quiche in it, and had no problems with undercooking of the dough.

Rating: 0
add 1 teaspoon of vinegar use 12" piece of paper for 9"shell