Rating: 0
We had this dish in Singapore, so blooming hot it burnt your lips! but oh so good! I'm anxious to try it and turn down the heat a bit.

Rating: 4
A keeper! Made this with blue crabs (not soft shell, steamed 3-5 minutes, then cracked open), jalapeno instead of the bird's eye chile, fresh tomato sauce, and Sriracha instead of Heinz chili sauce. The blue crab was a little messy. I would use Dungeness crab, or even head on shrimp next time.

Rating: 4
I love this recipe, but I do make so many substitutions it's not really the same recipe (mostly based on what I have on hand). 1. Use dungeness crabs. I buy mine cooked, and previously frozen from costco. I have also ordered 10 lbs from costco.com. They will fedex it to you on dry ice. That is how much I love Dungeness crab. Since the crab is cooked, you only need to stir fry it in the sauce long enough for it to get hot. 2. I use 1 Dungeness crab for every 2 people, and I double the sauce because my husband loves eating it with rice. 3. I replace the chiles with a serrano 4. I use sirracha instead of the chili sauce 5. I've used all sorts of Lee Kum Kee black bean hot sauces for the bean component. 6. I double the egg (ie 2 eggs for every 1 crab) 7. I use fresh plum tomatoes instead of tomato sauce. 8. I use Jim Bean whisky in place of the rice wine. I know, it's a lot of substitutions. BUT it is the BEST crab I have ever had, and I literally hunt for Dungeness crab everywhere.

Rating: 3
Delicious. We used tomatoes in juice instead of tomato sauce; it comes out much redder than in the picture. First time we made it we left out the eggs accidentally; DON'T DO THAT. The eggs are really important to balance the flavor. Works with shrimp too.

Rating: 0
This dish turned out so much better than I thought! It was so delicious - finger-licking good. Instead of soft shell crab, I used 8 texas blue crabs and followed the recipe and served it with plenty of bread to sop up the sauce. Pretty quick recipe too. Tasted like the chili crab i had in singapore.

Rating: 2
The finished dish in the still picture is much drier than the tomato soupy results in the wok. My crabs were somewhat leathery; I don't know whether the crabs were turning hard shell, or whether I am used to eating soft-shells fried crisp on the outside. Considering the price of soft-shell crabs, there are other recipes I would use for this special occasion food.