Rating: 4
Made this after Hurricane Sandy rolled though the area. Needed comfort food and this was perfect. I added yukon gold mashed potatoes for a starch. Made the apple celery saute and added a touch of cinnamon. Left about half of the skin on the apple slices and it was a hit! My husband loved the cheese on the chop, I didn't have the recommended cheeses, but did have Cabot's 50% reduced fat cheddar which has about the same plastic consistency as Jarlsberg. The chops were about 1-14" thick and came out very tender. Next time I will cut the baking time to 20 minutes or less. I will make this again, great recipe to use up two wrinkled gala apples!

Rating: 4
I had to alter this out of necessity and creative ambition. First, I had no white wine, so used Budweiser. I used two cloves per chop and two small bay leaves. I added a pecan/cranberry/black pepper snack mix ("Valdosta" by Sahale) to the apples and brown sugar. Then I made a gorgonzola sauce from this website (Pork with Gorgonzola Sauce) and drizzled that over the pork and some steamed broccoli. Served apples on the side. It was awesome! This cooking technique resulted in some very tender, very flavorful meat.

Rating: 2
While I liked this recipe, I think it needs something to "jazz" it up a bit. I added some red pepper flakes to the apples and a some seasoning to the chop. I don't think the clove and celery leaf added much. I like the concept and plan to play with the seasoning. I think it can be much better than it was! I'll make it again, but with better seasoning!

Rating: 1
Amazingly bland in spite of the interesting array of ingredients. It turned out just 'ok' - will I be making it again? Probably not.

Rating: 4
Very good. I just left the cloves in the pork chops as it was easier so I removed them right before serving. I did not have to cook the apple's for more than 5 min. before they reached the best tenderness for me. Overall this is going in my recipe box for whenever I buy one too many apples that the family does not eat.