Rating: 0
use one night old rice, not the brand new cooked rice. it's much better. the kecap manis is a must ingredient. you can use any kind of meat, veg, seafood. if you can't find the chili, just use chili sauce or paste. be creative. there is no an exact recipe for this one. personalize it. cheers!!! :)

Rating: 1
The flavor profile of this recipe is not quite right. I was born and raised in Indonesia on Java. There are as many nasi goreng interpretations as there are chicken soup versions in the U.S. That being said, the flavors of this were just off. There is WAY too much meat. Cooking the rice in chicken broth made it taste weird. The white rice needs to balance the other flavors. Also, all other nasi goreng recipes I have include tomato ketchup and I've never used fish sauce. I made this as written and won't make it that way again. My advice is start with well cooked white rice. Skip the fish sauce, add 1 tsp. tomato ketchup, and fry the shallots until they turn golden brown. Also add some shredded cabbage and shredded carrot. Use half as much meat. The kecap manis is a key ingredient. It won't taste the same with any substitution; but the best one would be plain japanese soy sauce. If you do that, cut the salt down.

Rating: 4
This is the first time we tried this recipe, and we couldn't find the ketjap manis or the Thai chilis - but we substituted, and it tasted great anyway! We're going to keep shopping for the right ingredients and keep aiming at the full experience of these flavors.

Rating: 4
I like this just fine (would give it 3 forks), but gave it four because my husband really, really likes it. He begs me to make it, which I don't often do because I hate slicing all of those shallots. When I do make it, I use much less meat than is called for, since my husband likes it that way. If it seems too bland, try adding sriracha.

Rating: 3
It has a fairly balanced flavor but it didn't wow me. A little plain for my taste.

Rating: 3
This is just like the kind of Nasi served for breakfast at most Singapore hotels - basic, but flavorful.