Rating: 3
I like to eat tasty food but am basically a lazy cook, so thought this recipe was a lot of work. BUT, when my husband gave it an unsolicited thumbs up I knew I was going to have to make it again. I used frozen spinach, thawed & drained. The cherry tomato topping added another dimension and shouldn't be left out. But do prep everything first. I may try mixed dried mushrooms next time. Next day, the flavors were even better.

Rating: 4
I am a novice cook and this was my first attempt at making a souffle. I did everything I could to mess this up from burning the garlic to over cooking the milk and flour mixture to a gummy past. I put them into the oven with little hope of eating a souffle that night. After 30 minuets I opened the oven to beautiful puff green souffles. I will say that the second they came out they fell, but I was so excited to have made it that far I eat them anyway. My boyfriend was impressed and we had an elegant healthy dinner. I will be attempting this recipe time and time again.

Rating: 1
This was a huge disappointment and a waste of my energies and ingredients... first of all, after taking it out of the oven (30 min), the souffle collapsed completely and ended up looking extremely sad. Second, it was incredibly bland, basically without any taste to be worth mentioning. The only thing good about it was the beautiful green color, but that was hardly enough of a compensation. I will surely not make this recipe ever again, I'd rather whip up some scrambled eggs from roughly the same ingredients...

Rating: 4
sooooo good! I did use whole milk (all we had on hand) a little less cheese ...I had a hard Gouda of some sort that I grated. I didn't have tomatoes on hand so I mixed fresh basil & thyme in w/ the spinach. Even with all my little switch-ups it was wonderful. It was my first souffle ....I was a little nervous, but it came out fluffy, yay!!

Rating: 3
This is one of those recipes where prep is of paramount importance. While relatively easy from a "putting it all together" point of view, it is not the type of cooking where something can sit while you gather the ingredients to finish that step. That said, I will say that I made the recipe as written and it was good. Next time I will cook up some pancetta first and drain the excess fat as part of the mushroom/spinach mixture to punch things up a bit.