Rating: 0
I didn't actually make this recipe, here is my version: Instead of beating up the pork, I cut long thin strips off of a loin. Then I chopped up fresh spinach and put a generous amount of it onto the pork. Then I sprinkled garlic powder, salt and pepper on top. Next I rolled them up and wrapped them in uncooked bacon strips and fastened with toothpicks. Then dipped them into a beaten egg mixture, then into some milk with salt and pepper, then rolled them in crushed whole wheat cracker crumbs. Baked them at 350 F until crumbs were golden brown. They would be better with swiss cheese in them, but are still delicious.

Rating: 1
Really surprised at how unremarkable this dish was after reading these reviews. I'm pretty certain I did everything correctly (it's not a tough recipe) but this dish was pretty lousy. Dry and tasteless according to my family and I. This one goes into the trash for sure.

Rating: 4
My family loved this recipe!! I made few changes, they are as follows: 1-Temp of oil 350 2-5 minutes on each side 3-used sour dough bread crumbs 4- seasoned meat with salt and pepper before rolling garlic and parsley 5-sprinkled a creole seasoning on top of meat once rolled for extra flavoring. 6-would consider rolling some soft cheese inside with ham next time. These are delicious! Can't wait to prepare for my Supper Club!

Rating: 4
These were a huge hit at last night's Spanish dinner party. I foolishing doubled the recipe (it makes a lot) but held back some of the rolls to fry up tonight. Be sure to use REAL Serrano ham, it's unbelievably yummy. Next time I'll chop up more garlic and parsley to put inside the rolls because it looks so pretty. Oh, if you cooked these for the suggested time at in 375 degree olive oil, your rolls, kitchen and possible even house will cease to exist. I would NOT recommend heating olive oil to 375 under any circumstance! When the oil is hot, add the rolls and take them out when they are brown and crispy looking!

Rating: 2
For all the work involved, it was just so-so. After the reviews, I was expecting an amazing dining experience. Whoops. My family found it rather pallid, a little dry and not worth all the fuss. Oh well!

Rating: 3
Easy and delicious!

Rating: 4
Unbelievable texture, taste compatibility, and overall ease of cooking. I will make this again, the next time I have the ability to do so.

Rating: 4
The parsley/garlic and ham mix is perfect! I made this recipe in 1995 and have repeated it several times, (for 5 years!!) I even know the page number of the May 1995 magazine!. I seasoned the pork before adding the parsley mix with a little bit of "Adobo", a Spanish seasoning mix found in the Latin section of some markets, but I'm sure salt & pepper works just fine. I won't recommend making these rolls for a large group! unless you are prepared to have a line of guests waiting for them at the kitchen. Try them, and be creative, any good ham will work with them.