Rating: 4
Really, really tasty dessert. Quite rich- paired beautifully with fresh raspberries and the bourbon whipped cream. My 10 year old son made it for Thanksgiving dessert--- I supervised ;)

Rating: 4
This is a great cake, with a light texture and great chocolate flavor. I made it in a 9.5 inch tart pan with removable bottom so the buttering process wasn't quite as overwhelming. I also found that just using the amount of bourbon called for was not enough really to infuse the cranberries with a good bourbon flavor, so I ended up using about three times as much burbon as called for -- the cranberries can take it! For chocolate I used 60% Giradelli chocolate chips, and then for a little extra punch added an additional ounce of unsweetened Baker's chocolate. No extra sugar. One final note -- this cake is virtually flourless. If you want to make it for passover, just grind enough extra pecans to take the flour's place in the recipe.

Rating: 3
I loved this recipe. It was relatively easy to make and looked elegant with the dark chocolate covered in a snow of confectioners sugar. The bourbon whipped cream was the icing on the cake, a perfect complement to the dish.

Rating: 1
I was disappointed by this recipe. The picture of it looked so appetizing, but when I made it I found it to be too heavy and dry, like a bad brownie. I couldn't taste the pecans over the chocolate, and could only barely appreciate the cranberries. One portion was really too much for one person to eat alone. I cut them in half. It wasn't horrible, but nothing I would take the trouble to make again. I'd rather just eat a good fudgy, moist brownie.

Rating: 3
I made this as one large cake, rather than individual ones, and 5 of us had it, and didn't get through half of it as a dessert, so be warned - you will have to have a VERY hearty appetite to get through one individual portion! That having been said, the cake was really delicious - I substitued Port for Bourbon, as it was all I had. The cake kept well and was equally as nice two and three days later.