Rating: 0
Delicious!!!I only made the pickled cabbage and served it on St. Patrick's Day with corned beef & rye bread from a local deli topped with sharp cheddar cheese and the Guinness Mustard recipe " from Bon Appetit March 2008 & available on epicurious.

Rating: 4
I am not a huge fan of the traditional reuben and I loved this sandwich. I like the pickled cabbage so much more than sauerkraut. The flavor is more interesting and it's not as tangy. Made appetizer-sized with cocktail rye for my bookclub on St. Paddy's day last year and they were a huge hit. Made full-size ones this year and my husband loved them. I used Boar's Head Peppercorn Gourmaise instead of making the mayo mix, which made it even easier!

Rating: 2
My husband liked the pickled cabbage more than I did. We opted to go healthier for the 'reuban' and toasted the rye bread, used horseradish and dijon mustard, corned beef,swiss cheese and the pickled cabbage. I really like saurkraut fixed with sauteed onions and apples much better in a reuben than what's suggested in this recipe. Maybe I'll make it again, but not for me.

Rating: 3
I used sourdough instead of rye because I had sourdough on hand. Next time I will use the rye to be sure to give it the kick it needed. With rye it probably would have been a 4. This recipe is definitely worth another try and it is a great way to use left over corned beef from St. Patrick's Day.

Rating: 3
I made these sandwiches for St. Patrick's Day. It's basically a reuben, and they were very delicious and easy to assemble. I did end up with leftover ingredients (corned been and pickled cabbage), but that may be because my rye bread was on the smaller side so I think this recipe could've made about 6 sandwiches.

Rating: 4
Excellent sandwich. For those who are not too good in the kitchen, such as myself, this recipe was not only very tasty but so incredibly simple. I had most the ingredients already in my kitchen. All I needed was the rye bread, cabbage, cheese and corn beef.