Rating: 0
I really enjoyed this dish. It's quick to prepare, with great flavor - a great dinner-party dish. A few points: 1) Keeping the oven at 150 degrees can make a big difference. The recipe specifies that the chops can be left at this temperature for up to 30 minutes - plenty of time to allow them to finish cooking without the risk of overcooking; 2) Re: cooking the sauce: If you prefer a cooked sauce, then by all means - but that doesn't mean there's something about THIS sauce that requires fixing. This is a sauce that doesn't require cooking. It's somewhat similar to a chimichurri, which is uncooked.

Rating: 4
Delicious as is.And for the cook down under the sauce is NOT cooked. Look at the picture.

Rating: 3
This is a good recipe. However, it is even better with a few improvements. First of all, the recipe never states anywhere anything about COOKING the sauce. I would highly reccomend this. Begin by sauteeing the chopped red onions in butter, until they are caramelized. Then add the chicken broth, and enough liquid to make a decent sauce. Add the sage, parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice (add this to taste), a generous helping of pepper, and salt + olive oil. Keep the sauce cooking on LOW heat (DON'T boil it). Keep seasoning to taste and... You might notice that *something* is missing from the sauce. The flavors are good, but it is missing a solid "base". If you're using a homemade chicken broth, it will probably be ok. IF you're using a 'commercial' one, make sure you're using one with Flavor Enhancer 621 (MSG). I know people will tear me to shreds for this, but "Umami" (Glutamate) is a legitimate, and necessary flavor, particularly in this recipe - the ingredients listed omit this essential flavor. If you don't want to use MSG, you could use something like Soy Sauce, or Parmesan Cheese, or any other Glutamate-rich food. Beyond that? Grilling the veal will cook it VERY quickly. 2+1/2 minutes is way too much. Also : 150F/10 minutes is virtually not enough to make a difference. If you want to soften the meat, increase the temperature, or cook it for longer. Otherwise, this recipe is a solid base for a *delicious* dish.

Rating: 3
This is so easy and generally yummy. The veal stays really juicy this way. I didn't have sage so just did a combo of fresh thyme and dried rosemary which was still tasty.