Rating: 4
Made this recipe for a dinner party as is.The cake was phenomenally good!!! sour cherries are out of season - finally found imported sour cherries in a very light syrup which I marinated in a good Kirsch. I did cut some sugar from the syrup to make it more tangy. The cocoa should be added in as few strokes as possible with a wide whisk so as not to deflate the batter. The melted butter should be just slightly warm when adding (too cold and it will solidify in streaks/too hot it will deflate the batter). I found the layers would be too thin if I cut the round into 3 layers, so I cut into 2 and baked another round for the third layer. Decorated with white cherries and dark chocolate shavings. Cake was beaufifully light and airy,yet moist. Received rave reviews for finished product. Will definitely add to my favourites.

Rating: 4
I made this as a buche de noel and it was fabulous! Though I will note that there is way too much whipped cream here to roll into a log so it did not roll beautifully, but once covered with chocolate buttercream it was lovely and the flavors were awesome. I did not have Kirsch so I did this non-alchohol variation, reducing the cherry syrup considerably and then added some brandy in at the end--delicious! Cake worked beautifully. I don't know what went wrong for other reviewers here. I will make it as a layer cake rather than buche de noel next time (I will also bake the cake in three separate round pans rather than try to split one large one (this may be the problem with the recipe...I have read many reviews of genoise baked in a single 9" round that caved in) just reduce the bake time.

Rating: 1
Do you like the taste of rubbery basketball pieces covered in whipped cream? If you do, this recipe is for you! As this recipe is written, it was a complete failure. Something is missing -- a leavening agent like baking soda, or a step is missing, because it deflated majorly in the oven and ended with a rubbery, dense, tasteless consistency that would not soak up the syrup, which lay in an obstinate puddle in the center of each layer (of which I could only cut two). I gave the recipe to my mother and asked if she could do any better (she has made genoise numerous times in the past) and hers was as much of a disaster as mine. Please check the book and use that recipe, because as it is on the site, it tastes like something that rhymes with site and is missing the letter h.