Rating: 4
PS In response to the comments below, Taro would be readily available in a more cosmopolitan city with a larger percentage of residents with Asian food preferences. For most cities, particularly in parts of the US, this would not be so. Also, I am not sure that the earlier readers are doing anything "wrong," just that they may not have a familiarity with this kind of dough. Vive la difference

Rating: 4
These are delicious, although not recommended for ppl who are not used to working with tender dough, as adding the filling might prove challenging to them. It requires you to know when dough "feels" soft enough to roll out that thin, and it requires you to feel comfortable with the hand technique or rolling them into a ball. Add in deep frying, and it is definitely not simple. However, for more advanced cooks, it is worth the much less effort that they will have to put into it. Even if, like me, you miss the "old friend" comfort of true beanpaste. (smiles)

Rating: 4
I have eaten the sweet red bean paste filled sesame balls for many years and enjoy the glutinous rice texture. I found these a wonderful change and they weren't difficult to make as the other reviewers found. Don't know what they were doing wrong, however, each to his own. I live in a larger city and taro is easily available to us. These are delicious to the more experienced palates and cooks of Chinese Dim Sum.

Rating: 2
Of course :-) Eesh.

Rating: 3
The recipe is, of course, written poorly. The second heading should be for the 'Sesame Balls', not a repeat of 'Drunken Fig Filing'. Taro is not readily available. If you have the ability to gather the ingredients, it works! B. Cook

Rating: 1
I have no idea how you are supposed to make these into the balls with fig in the center. I ended up just making little taco shaped things. NOT WORTH THE EFFORT. The filling is great. Perhaps use it in something that is layered instead of made into crazy balls

Rating: 0
Can I sustitute Taro for Yuca? it's impossible to find in mexico and both plants are closely related