Rating: 4
This is my favorite pie crust recipe -- not for the novice baker. I make it with whole wheat pastry flour. The tough part is rolling out the crust. I have simplified by making in the food processor. First I dump the dry ingredients in, then pulse, then switch to the grater blade and grate the butter right into the flour mixture, switch blades and pulse together -- rest in fridge then pulse in the ice water -- works great - it is sort of hearty.

Rating: 4
Hello, I have made this recipe too and have enjoyed the results from this buttery pastry. I lost the recipe and was looking for it again without having to contact my MIL for it. Funny enough I wanted to see what others thought of this buttery pastry. My MIL just may be the A Cook below. LOL *rolls eyes* Our last name is Cook, her first inital is A and we all live in different areas of Alberta. Yikes!! Anyways, my nicer comment would be to keep on trying. It really is a nice pastry when you get it right. But with most things when baking, if one thing goes wrong then it all can turn out badly! Maybe the third times the charm, you never know :) Good luck frusterated from San Fran. I hope you do attempt it again!

Rating: 3
This was a wonderful pie crust, soft, flaky, and extremely tasty. Definitely will make it again. I suggest not cutting any corners, and make sure you keep it cool! I really have not found a pre-made pie crust that can in the least compare. To the cook from Alberta Canada: This is a forum for exchanging opinions, even if they differ from your undoubted expertise. Poor form, poor form indeed.

Rating: 1
This is a joke, right? Hours and hours and this is as good as it gets? I tried it twice, thought I must have missed something the first time. The local grocery store has packaged pie crust that is less money and 1/15th the work and time.

Rating: 4
This makes a buttery, delicious pastry dough that is strong enough to stand up to wetter fillings. I've tried it with the rhubarb raspberry pie, and a number of others, and its always perfect, and looks beautifully rustic. A little more labor-intensive than some crusts, but it's worth it!