Rating: 4
Wow! What an interesting recipe. I am living in Belize and didn't have any of the right ingredients or tools, but it worked wonderfully! I used garbanzo beans and quinoa flakes (because they are what I had brought from the US). For a steamer, I poked holes in the bottoms of the cups in an aluminum foil muffin tin. Then I lined them with oiled muffin papers - also poked holes in those - and set it on a rack in a deep frying pan with water beneath and a big cover over all of it. Steamed them beautifully. I made these to go with Spicy Lentil and Radish Sauce on this site, which I also loved. BUT I liked the dumplings better on their own with sesame oil and will use the rest of the radish sauce as curry over rice instead. Also, I won't wash the rice/quinoa flakes next time since the last reviewer mentioned using parboiled rice without rinsing out the starch.

Rating: 0
As a south Indian, I have to say this is one weird recipe for idlis. Normally people use parboiled rice (available in any Indian store) along with the urad dal in a 2:1 ratio. Soak and grind them seperately before mixing, and forget the baking soda. It's important to make sure the batter is salted and not too thick before you leave it for fermentation. Idli is a little tricky, but so worth it.

Rating: 4
I needed a recipe for these after I left home...this was great! They are not meant to be eaten with honey. Make them with the rasam recipe on this site (I think it is called Tomato Dal Soup) and eat them as dumplings in that. MMM breakfast the traditional way!

Rating: 1
Did this as a Saturday culinary experiment. Didn't have a steamer/poacher - I lined a metal sieve with kitchen cloth, placed it over a pot of simmering water, and covered with a lid. I was impressed by the light, spongy texture. The taste, however, I did not like. It tasted like the lentils, but in a harsh, almost chemical way. No amount of honey could hide it. Fun to try a new cooking method, liked the idea of leaving it to ferment by itself - but will not be making this again.