Rating: 0
I love this recipe! Looks beautiful and is a winner. Nectarines have to be cut at the last minute - but that keeps them pretty and perfect. I have made this several times over the years and everyone raves about it. Thanks Gourmet - I miss your 'old' magazine. Luckily I saved several years and they sit happily in my library and are used frequently.

Rating: 4
This is a great cheesecake recipe, for serving with pretty much any kind of fruit--I served mine with strawberries since that's what's locally available here. It was a big hit at the family event I brought it to. I didn't make the crust quite as written, since the store I went to didn't have amaretti, but it turned out just fine (I used some ground almonds together with the graham crackers with good results).

Rating: 4
This is the perfect summer cheesecake. The mascarpone is definitely lighter than cream cheese would be, ditto substituting amaretti for graham crackers. Cheesecake is generally a heavy affair, but using nectarines yields divine results. This is also a really easy recipe to make and if, like me, you are without a food processor, you can easily beat everything to a pulp with your hands or other kitchen implements. This is one of my favorite summer desserts to make and to eat.

Rating: 3
This was very good and the marscapone definetely lends a different taste/texture than cream cheese. There's lots of flavor from the crust and the lemon zest that one doesn't need any kind of fruit topping.

Rating: 4
I made this for my boyfriend's parents and everyone liked it very much (unless they were just being nice). The marscapone is a heavenly substitute for cream cheese. Since it's a tart, it looks beautiful, especially if you arrange a few of the necarines on top. Great because you can make ahead of time. I made this recipe to conclude a middle eastern meal (lamb, etc.), but I image it would conclude an Italian meal well, too. Definitely a keeper.

Rating: 2
This cheesecake is just not what a cheesecake should be. The nectarines overwelhm the flavor of the cream cheese, when they should be light and subtle.