Rating: 2
I like this ok, but prefer original hummus over it. I like the use of black soy beans, though, for lower carb option. Also, black soy beans (according to the label on my can) only have 1.5 grams of fat per serving with 2.5 servings per can. Thats about 4 grams in the whole can . If your can says 15 0r 19 or whatever maybe it is packed in oil or something. Soybeans are only high in fat if it is added to it.

Rating: 4
I truly adore this version of hummus; I, too, find it much better than "real" hummus made from chickpeas. It's hard not to eat the entire bowl-full at once! (Makes an excellent lunch with green pepper strips for dipping).

Rating: 3
I had this for dinner in garlic pitas with sliced tomato and green pepper. I also liked this more than traditional hummus, and I agree with the other reviewers to use plenty of garlic, lemon juice, and cayenne. In fact, I grated the zest of a lemon to save it for another use, and my boyfriend thought I was going to add it to the hummus... I did add just a sprinkle to each pita, just for the heck of it, and it was very tasty! He also suggested feta; I was skeptical, but it was really very good with the hummus. I also threw in a little fresh coriander; it went well. Overall, though, I thought this creamy hummus was quite heavy, and by the second pita half I was just about done; it gets to be a little overwhelming. I am going to try freezing the leftovers. Bear in mind that the Notes from the test kitchen are wrong -- soybeans are not a low-fat food, and this is not a low-fat recipe; traditional hummus might even be better. There are about 18 g fat in a can of black soybeans, but it's almost all good fat. Happy eating!

Rating: 3
Delicious! I like this hummus more than the traditional version made with garbanzo beans! Even my 16-month old daughter loves it. Don't skimp on the garlic and I usually add a bit more tahini paste and lemon juice to perk it up.

Rating: 4
I make this recipe every weekend to snack on during the week with pita bread. Its fantastic. Of course you do have to go to a natural food store to get the canned black soybeans, but it just has such a great flavor than traditional hummus made with chickpeas. And I use the harissa too. I just freeze it in small amouts from the can.