Rating: 3
A friend made this at her dinner, so I got the recipe and tried it on my family. Everyone loved it (theyre easy to please) and so did I (very hard to impress). I made it with four layers (in a spring-mold pan) using 2 pints of each ice cream. I couldn't find the Italian cookies, so I substituted a combination of Lorna Doone shortbread cookies and sweet shredded coconut. Yum! Instead of Raspberry sauce, I used a pool of blueberry sauce on the plate, and dribble Royale Chambord liqueur over the top. Sauce was made from frozen blueberries (smashed up in a pan), a bit of water and lots of sugar; boiled until reduced and thick, then strained and cooled slightly. Hints: spread and smash the ice cream into shape with your clean fingers. Both metal and wood spoons freeze up and stick to the ice cream. Softening the ice creams too much changes their texture after they refreeze. I recommend toasting the almonds before turning them into the sugar. They were soft and chewy when used straight out of the package, and had little almond flavor. I would have wanted them crunchy and rich in flavor.

Rating: 2
I really like all the components of this seperately, but they just don't work together for me. However, I was pretty much the only one at the gathering I made it for who felt this way. I could not find a good pistachio ice cream, so I had to use the green-dyed type, that might have made a slight difference.The praline and the crust are great, but it's not a keeper.

Rating: 4
it was not as easy as i had hoped but it was sure worth it. everyone loved it. we are usually a chocolate party group with the exception of my wife and it was her birthday and she picked this and we were all glad she did. nice change

Rating: 4
Made and served for the first time at a dinner party. Absolutely rave reviews from all, plus requests for recipe. A little time consuming but certainly worth every minute on preparing this wonderful desert. I will make it many times over.

Rating: 4
Made this for a dinner party and it was loved by everybody. Had to use strawberry gelato instead of the raspberry and it was delicious. I didn't make the raspberry sauce but I am certain that it is very good.