Rating: 4
We made it as-is with no substitutions and were surprised at how delicious it was. They were good with or without the aioli.

Rating: 3
I thought these were delicious, but my husband and daugther didn't. I think it was because they don't like cauliflower and could still taste it. So I will only make these for myself in the future!

Rating: 4
I am getting set to make these for the umpteenth time. These are flavorful (don't even make the aioli) and easy to make and a serious crowd pleaser with kids and adults. I have made these with the Gingered Carrot latkes (also on this website) and zucchini latkes for our holiday party for several years and we never have leftovers. Small mounds is key.

Rating: 0
I also had problems getting these to hold together. Did not have time to let them sit overnight in the fridge -- maybe that would have made a difference? I added extra bread crumbs and also Madras curry powder. And then was very, very careful flipping and serving and even got some that were proper pancake-size. Served with cottage cheese, smoked trout, and black lumpfish eggs... it was the first time my son ate cauliflower and LOVED it. So, I am going to work on getting them to hold together so that we can do them again and again.

Rating: 2
These sounded good, so we mixed up a batch to have alongside potato latkes. The batter was certainly easy enough to make, and came out as a moderately thick batter with just 2 eggs, which I put in the fridge overnight to make the next day. Took it out to be room temp for frying, but found that they just didn't hold together well at all-- must have had too much cauliflower to egg or something. They were really tasty, though--soft creamy texture, nice cauliflower taste. Got fed up with frying after a while and put the rest of the batter back in the fridge. The next day I added another egg and some chickpea flour, and they held up beautifully while frying, so much easier to work with. I think I'd make these again, but start with more binder.

Rating: 3
These were very good. I halved the recipe and used 1 egg. They have a nice delicate flavor with a hint of cayenne pepper. They definitely need to be small rounds; I tried making them a little bigger and they fell apart. I did not make the aioli but did sprinkle with za'atar. My husband and I both felt that the za'atar competed with the latke's flavor and didn't enhance it.