Rating: 0
It has too much rice for me. I made it and did not liked it. I cooked more pumpkin to add and make it more savoury. I also added onion to the cooking mixture.

Rating: 4
This was easy to fix and very comforting. My house is mixed vegetarians and non, but eveyone loved it. We used various toppings so everyone could flavor to thier likings.

Rating: 4
I can see why CO doesn't like this recipe. This recipe is misleading in that it doesn't tell you how necessary the accompaniments are to the congee, nor how to procure the necessary accompaniments. The recipe itself is perfectly standard and yummy. You could do congee with pumpkin or with yam. Both are great. If you have softened pumpkin/yam on hand(already boiled or roasted the night before), it is perfectly possible to make this in 20 minutes with the soft yam and leftover cooked rice (that is how Chinese people came up with this dish in the first place. BTW, any kind of white rice is fine for this recipe.) All that said, you still need some stuff to eat this porridge with-- otherwise it's like eating white rice by itself. Here are some things you could make or buy at the Chinese market to go with it and impressive the heck out of your friends and family: 1. pickled cucumber by Kimlan (so good-- salty and sweet) 2. chili bamboo shoots by Kimlan (so good- salty and spicy) 3. wheat gluten puffs with mushroom also by Kimlan (mostly sweet, a bit savory) 4. shredded pork (sweet & salty) by hsin tung yang. You can also make these: 1. eggs scrambled with chopped up scallion & seasoned with salt (fabulous!!) 2. cooked bacon or kielhbasa (not totally authentic, but popular in some Asian-American households. Bacon is soooo good with congee!!) This makes an easy, gorgeous breakfast if you make the effort to find the ingredients. Money back guarantee!

Rating: 1
I like to try new foods. But this was not to my liking. Even with all the accompainments, it is not terribly exciting. Even with twice the amount of pumpkin it was boring and very "mushy".