Rating: 4
This is a really good recipe. I have made 2 of these cakes for the last 4 Passsovers (large Seder gathering). I bake it in 2 9x13" pans and we cut it in squares. If you have ever made other Passover cake recipes and then try this one you will realize how superior it is. Most Passover cakes tend to be very dry and a little tasteless (and I have tried lots!) This recipe is moist, fruity and delicious. This year I am going to try baking it in one large pan - I hope that works well, it will save a little time.

Rating: 4
please try this recipe! it makes a light and flavorful cake, and the strawberries are great with it. i agree about using an electric mixer and definitely make sure the eggs are room temperature in order to acheive maximum volume. i've even substituted splenda for the sugar, and it came out fine. i come from a family of chocoholics, but everyone raved about this dessert.

Rating: 0
I don't recommend making this one without an electric hand mixer. However, I've made this cake three times now and everybody seems to like it. I usually prepare a basic chocolate glaze to drizzle over the top. Don't let it sit between mixing and baking  the thicker batter might settle at the bottom.

Rating: 3
I am with Nikki from BC. Try the recipes first and then add your own twist before you criticize the recioe that has been kitchen tested by Bon Appetit or Gourmet. These folks have been cooking far longer than most readers, so show some respect for excellence already established!

Rating: 0
I haven't made this cake yet, but for the last person that left a rating, you didn't make this cake either. I'm all for putting your own spin on a recipe, but when you change everything about the original recipe, it always amazes me that people rate it and say it's not good.

Rating: 2
I made the Wine Cake. However, I used club soda instead of the wine. This made the cake less calories. Also, I folded in dates and nuts into the batter. Made the cake better. I don't really care for passover cakes. Too eggy.