Rating: 4
I made this bread in all possible variations, it is one of my absolute favorites. To the reviewer Grace who added un-soaked kamut berries: no wonder your bread didn't rise. The dry berries will have soaked up a lot of water from the dough, making it too dry, so that it lacked the necessary moisture to rise, and had to turn out dense. The concerns about the small amount of yeast and the cold water and cool rising environment are unfounded with this type of bread. A long, slow rise needs only very little yeast, and the flavor development is so much better. For my take on Aroma Bread and a few recommendations, check out on my blog: http://hanseata.blogspot.com/2013/03/aroma-bread-love-story.html

Rating: 4
This bread has turned out perfect each time I have made it. My house is usually very cool, 63 or so and there have been no problems with the rise. This bread does not double in volume. The only modification I have made is soaking the Kamut berries for at least 36 hours. This tends to keep the bread a bit moister and the berries are softer to chew. This is the perfect accompaniment for the cheese course, add a sliced apple and you are in heaven!

Rating: 0
@ C. Grace - a few ideas about your problem... it's of course always possible your yeast was old, otherwise 1/4 tsp over this period of time should get things going well. Room temp is generally around 70-75F, I think. The dough should not be trying to rise in an air-tight container, it needs some air. And cold water is to slow the fermentation to allow more flavor development. It's also possible that the unsoaked wheat berries grabbed up all the available moisture and gummed up the whole process - soaked berries would have provided more moisture to better hydrate the flours and support the fermentation. I recommend you try again.

Rating: 2
Well, for a first attempt at making this bread, I learned some things and would like to learn some more so that I can make it successfully. I followed the directions to the T and the mixture didn't rise even a teensy- weensy bit overnight. In the morning, I moved it to a slightly warmer environment where it sat for another 6 hours without doing anything. I think it is strange that only 1/4 tsp. of yeast is used. I have been making breads over the past couple of days and all of them have called for a packet of yeast. Granted, this is supposed to be a heavier bread. Also, the cold water bit doesn't make sense to me as in my experience, yeast needs warmth to be activated. So is it possible for this bread to rise?? The recipe talks about it being sticky and bubbly and needing to be scraped from the bowl. Mine didn't need to be scraped at all. Does "room temperature" need to be defined?? Was the coolness of my kitchen overnight to blame for the lack of success? Regarding something that I did do incorrectly, I didn't see the bit about soaking the berries and simply added dry berries to the mix (haha, I will be eating this bread and will consider it a lesson learned). After folding the bread envelope style, it did'nt rise at all. I baked it in a 10" cask iron skillet with a lid for most of the time and was pleased with this method of baking. I did heat the skillet first as directed. It started to smoke a little and set off the fire alarm (prior to putting the dough into it). The crust is thick and has a artisinal texture to it. The inside of my loaf is very dense and tastes slightly strongly of the rye and fennel. If I make this again (if someone knows the secret to the yeast dilemma), I think that I will cut the spices by 1/3. Instead of mixing the aroma blend in bulk, I mixed 1 Tbsp. of coriander seeds with 11/2 tsp. each of fennel and caraway. The taste overall is not bad; it is strong however. I like strong flavors in general, but this is a little bit much.

Rating: 4
Delicious and hearty! Goes great with borcht and homemade yogurt.