Rating: 1
I was disappointed that the Puttanesca relish overpowered what is a delicate fish, and I normally like the tangy quality of a Puttanesca. The addition of the Parma prosciutto also was not pleasing.

Rating: 4
This was my first time cooking with monkfish but have used cedar planking method for years bot on BBQ and in oven. Didn't feel like braving the cold winds of March so used the oven set at 400 degrees. I always pre-heat the cedar plank when using in the oven so the flavours are as intense as when BBQ is used. Absolutley loved this dish. Served it with roasted new potatoes that also took on a bit of the cedar and served with scoop of fresh sour cream.Divine!

Rating: 0
when I plank any type of fish, i stray slightly from the recomended dierctions and it always turns out great. instead of placing the fish on the cold plank, let it get hot on the grill before you add the fish, you get a smokier flavour that way without steaming the fish. also, start the plank over the heat, but when you add the fich, turn the heat off under the plank and leave the other burners on high or medium high. that helps keep fires to a minimum. also, if you get a plank that is both thick and wide, small fire aren't a problem because they dont touch the fish

Rating: 4
Great recipe! It's a bit labor intensive but well worth the effort. We use a large kettle type grill and bank most of the coals up around the edges of the grill with only 3 or 4 coals directly under the plank. The plank smoked just enough to flavor the fish but did not burn. You must try this recipe.

Rating: 3
The fish came out very nicely, but the cedar plank was tough and chewy.

Rating: 3
Monkfish is rich and buttery on its own, let alone wrapped in prosciutto. The puttanesca relish was great. I used caper berries as I didn't have regular capers on hand. We soaked the cedar plank for 24 hours and had the grill on low, and it still burned and flamed up. I kept spraying it with water like the recipe suggested, but only had to leave it unchecked for a minute before it went up in flames. Still, I loved the smell of cedar in the air (smells like being in a sauna!) and the way it cooked the fish. I will make this again.