Rating: 4
I just made this last night exactly as written in the recipe, as I always do the first time I try a new recipe. Other than it took me one hour and 20 minutes total before the tester comes out clean, I'd say that the cake is very good, though traditional cake it is not. With the nuts being the major ingredients, I used very fresh nuts and European style butter (Plugra) as well as "OO" flour. I thought there must be a reason for that much zest, so I went along and was richly rewarded. The cake has rich citrus flavor,and it is not too sweet. Blood oranges are now just in season in Southern California, and I used blood orange marmalade that I just made for the blood orange salad. I definitely will make this cake again.

Rating: 2
the batter tasted good - great combination of flavors. i used toasted nuts, though. i think i agree with the cook from santa fe that it could use some lemon juice to balance out. but it could also use some leavening? anyone? the temp just looked odd, so i boosted it to 325, and started at 45 minutes. it took an hour and 5 minutes, and it still didn't test done. i didn't want to totally kill 3-lemons-worth of zest, so i just took it out. i *might* try this again with a bit of baking powder... or look for a different recipe altogether. too bad, because, as simple as this is, i really doubt it's going to be a good texture

Rating: 0
I think they left out the baking temperature cuz I baked it at 300 degrees and it was undone. Please revise wtih new oven temperature unless I missed it on the directions somewhere.

Rating: 3
I baked this cake for more than 2 hours and it is still almost liquid inside. I followed the recipe exactly (even used 00 flour). Very delicious but the wetness makes it almost inedible.

Rating: 4
This cake had really good flavor. I only had salted in the shell pistachios, so I cut way back on the salt. I added some lemon juice to the batter, as well as lemon extract. After 55 minutes at 300 degrees, the cake was still not finished. I upped the temp to 325 for another 10 minutes and that did it.

Rating: 3
This cake was dense and good. Not sure if I will make it again but still enjoyable once.