Rating: 2
Like other reviewers mentioned, there is something wrong with the proportion of butter to graham cracker crumbs for the crust. It stuck to the pan like it was glued. If I were to make this again I would follow another recipe for a graham cracker crust. The filling was very good and the marshmellow topping was nice.

Rating: 3
I made this using Haagen Dazs strawbery and vanilla bean ice creams, which made for a very rich and decadent dessert. It was great (3.5 forks really), and even better the 2nd day in our opinion. The only problem was getting the pie out of the dish -- the crust had frozen so hard that it stuck right to the dish. I ended up putting the pie plate into a second pie plate of very hot water for a minute or so. That was enough to release the crust from the dish. Next time I may just use a pre-prepared pie crust, or decrease the amount of butter (I believe this is why it stuck - just like a stick of butter sticks to its dish). And I will make it one day ahead.

Rating: 3
I made a BAD mistake when I followed one reviewer's suggestion of adding a layer of thinly sliced strawberries between each layer of ice cream. The strawberries froze like little rocks and it was almost impossible to eat the pie - which by the way - except for the "rocks" was delicious! My guests were good sports and ate the whole thing, but I would never add the strawberries again. I also added a few fresh strawberries to the sauce & ran it thru the blender for a few seconds - really good. One other addition was about 3T of finely crushed pecans to the crust.

Rating: 4
I have been meaning to review this recipe for three years. Everytime I am invited somewhere this is always the desert that's requested. Unfortunately, it doesn't travel well in the summer but I always make it for the Fourth of July. It's so delicious and everyone raves about it.

Rating: 1
This recipe was a disappointment. Perhaps I misunderstood the instructions but the 6 Tbsp. of butter for the crust was way too much. The crust bubbled from so much butter. After melting the marshmallows with the 2 tbsp. of juice - the mixture hardened when cooled and it was impossible to fold the hardened mixture into the beaten egg whites - as per the instructions. I would not make this recipe again.

Rating: 4
This pie is delicious, especially the grahm cracker crust. I made it for dessert at a summertime dinner party, and it was an absolute success. My friends are still talking about it. This recipe is very easy to make, and very yummy! I would recommend placing a layer of thinly sliced strawberries in between the ice cream layers, and another layer on the top.