Rating: 4
I usually don't like it when reviewers make several changes to a recipe and then say "it was great" or "it was awful." But . . . sorry folks, I'm going to do exactly that. At least you are warned in advance. And I didn't stray too far, I promise. I wanted a side dish to serve with Duck Confit for 6. I always cook wild rice separately so I have more control over it. For 6 ounces wild rice, use about 3 cups of water with 1 tbsp of chicken bouillion granules. Bring to boil; simmer for 25 - 30 minutes or until you like the look and "bite" of it. (Undercooked is when all grains are still dark and stiff, overcooked is when they are all broken open and curled up.) Drain it. Cook 1/2 cup white or brown rice according to directions. I add bouillion granules to the water. Roast the grapes as directed, but chop them before adding them to the rice (I tried whole grapes the first time, and didn't like the burst of flavor when I bit into a grape. I wanted tinier bits of flavor throughout.) I omitted the thymne, Balsamic and nuts. The orange zest was a good addition-very interesting flavor dimension. I did add the sauteed (minced) celery and shallots. My guests raved about the rice, tried to guess the ingredients, and all asked for the recipe. It was perfect with duck.

Rating: 4
This is delicious and healthy. I've made this twice now and everyone loved it both times. First for Thanksgiving and recently for just three of us, I halved the recipe no problem. I followed the recipe exactly and it was not at all salty. Next time I think I will try using olive oil to make it healthier.

Rating: 1
This could be an unfair rating as I ended up throwing the whole thing out without serving it. The wild rice wasn't even close to cooked and it was a little too salty - but we don't eat a lot of salt. I had to use far more than the 4.5 c of liquid called for. If I were to try it again, I would cook the wild rice and brown rice separately and then combine them to ensure they are each cooked sufficiently.

Rating: 0
I haven't yet tried this but I shall...just to share a discovery I've made and might try here...smoked almonds taste remarkably like bacon; perhaps this is a veg option to that, and can add additional texture as well.

Rating: 3
I really liked the nutty flavor (from the rice) of this and the grapes added a nice counter to that. Next time I'll try the pecans as suggested in the other review. The walnuts did get lost in the rice's nuttiness.

Rating: 2
While this was good - it wasn't great. The roasted grapes did not give the wild rice the sweetness I thought it would, but the orange zest did give it a little zing - Seemed to be lacking something....smoked bacon? - also think toasted pecans would be a better flavor than the walnuts.