Rating: 4
My favorite recipe for my favorite tart. Sublime...perfection. If you love traditional English desserts ....this is easy and rewarding. My husband has made this recipe as well....it's held up. I will add that I do use my own pastry though.

Rating: 4
We used this for a Bobby Burns dinner. I thought it very tasty.

Rating: 0
Different recipe/ingredients from Scotland http://news.bbc.co.uk/2 /hi/uk_news/scotland/so uth_of_scotland/7109302 .stm. All butter pastry, Demerara sugar, Butter, Eggs, Sultanas, Currants, Almonds, Diced cherries, Vinegar.

Rating: 3
Hm. I would love to read more reviews of this tart to see if my experience was a complete fluke or if the proportions & timing of this recipe may be seriously flawed. - Firstly, I refrigerated the dough for about six hours in the first step & it was a rock by the time it came out of the fridge. I didn't have time to let it sit at room temperature, so I actually microwaved it (shudder) to make it maleable enough to roll. - Secondly, the amount of dough was not enough to cover the entire pan, let alone hang over the edges. I ended up with a very low crust indeed. - Thirdly, if I had followed all of the baking times it would have been scorched. I reduced the time of each step drastically (& oven temperature at the end) and still ended up with a deep brown tort. - Lastly, after all this, it is a superb little dessert with a fine taste. The lemon lightens & adds complexity to the flavor. I think I might add some honey next time & possibly reduce the cinnamon... which is unusual for me, as don't like a very sweet dessert & generally can't get enough cinammon... yet this time I thought these elements could use some adjustment.

Rating: 4
Excellent! Sticky, buttery, nutty & raisin-y. Very satisfying for a cold weather dessert. Easy too. The filling requires only a sturdy spoon and microwave. I tend to have pie doughs ready in the freezer which makes this recipe even easier. Will be a great dessert to either Thanxgiving or Xmas parties.