Rating: 4
Ethereal is the word! The most mousse-like souffle I have ever had. (Of course, 3 tsp cornstarch is sufficient as others have stated.)

Rating: 4
Super easy to make and fabulous to eat. The 1/3 cup cornstarch is clearly a typo or misreading of the original recipe. It would be 1 TBSP or 3 tsp of cornstarch. (You would have to be an inexperienced or incompetent cook not to recognzie the recipe called for too much cornstarch.) I had some left-over egg whites and there were somewhere between 4-6 in the dish. I used frozen raspberries (1 pint) as we freeze 52 pints every summer. Defrost the raspberries. Pour the juice into a saucepan. Take the berries and puree with 2-3 TBSP of sugar. I skipped pressing them through a sieve. Add the puree to the juice and add 3 tsps (1 TBSP) of cornstarch. Whisk throughly and cook as in recipe. I added 1/2 cup of sugar to the egg whites and beat them. The souffle cups were buttered and then dusted with sugar. Bake for 15 minutes per the recipe. Dust with confectioner's sugar if desired and serve. They come out perfectly - light airy and melt-in-your-mouth sweet raspberry taste. Note: If you reduce the egg whites to make fewer souffles but use the same amount of raspberries, the leftover raspberry sauce is wonderful on ice cream.

Rating: 3
Changed corn starch quantities...Having read the other reviews I researched other hot sweet souffles. I basically changed the cornstarch to one teaspoon per two eggs and dissolved the cornstarch in an equal amount of water before adding to raspberries. For this recipe 3 teaspoons of cornstarch in 3 teaspoons of water. Added a teaspoon of salt to the whipped egg whites also. Worked a treat! Fork rating pertains to modified.

Rating: 1
Is this some kind of sick Australian joke? We threw it out, and we'll eat anything. 1/3 C cornstarch is WAY too much for that amount of liquid -- it nearly solidifies in the pan. A waste of good berries and eggs. Avoid.

Rating: 0
Have made only the raspberry segment so far, but also thought too much cornstarch. Poor limited chefmayi, never had souffle with egg yolks.

Rating: 0
Yes - agreed, too much cornstarch. I wasn't able to incorporate the egg whites into the raspberry mixture too well. It didn't puff very high, but it still turned out yummy!!

Rating: 2
this was a huge dissapointment, but some of it was my fault I think I overcooked the raspberries. Still I find that the lack of yolks makes it a bit bland

Rating: 4
What an elegant presentation! These came out just as they did in the picture. I think they are very light and great for those dieting. They were great even without vanilla icecream and chocolate sauce. In the future I might use a little less cornstarch.