Rating: 3
The dressing was horrible. I used red wine vinegar and followed the recipe, but it was tasteless. I will make the salad again - it was fabulous - but I will substitute the plum dressing with a raspberry vinaigrette or simply drizzle aged balsamic.

Rating: 1
Seriously? I just made the dressing. Drove all over to find the ume plum vinegar just to be accurate. barely an 1/8 teaspoon of salt is waaay salty now. I haven't assembled the salad yet, but I can tell you the dressing is a beautiful thick, red color with virtually no plum taste whatsoever. It's the texture of an oil and vinegar with some sort of 'thickener...which happens to be plums.

Rating: 0
I've yet to try this, but definitely will. Just wanted to give a "heads up": Not all plum vinegars are of the umeboshi variety; some are sweet and I doubt the resulting dressing would be the same. One popular brand of the salty kind is Clear Spring, which I get in health food stores but can't find in my Asian store.

Rating: 4
Served this with the roasted pork tenderloin. It's a perfect salad for a warm summer night. Found the nuts at Trader Joe's.

Rating: 4
This salad is definitely worthy of 4 forks! It got rave reviews at a potluck I went to recently! The vinegar is key for the dressing, however after all that hard work with the plums, I wanted to taste them a little more. I think I may cut back on the vinegar just a bit next time. I also added some backyard thyme to the dressing. The slight herbaceous quality complimented the sweet, tart, nutty, cheesy, peppery goodness. Looking forward to trying the apricot/goat cheese salad with my leftover dressing...

Rating: 3
This is a beautiful salad with great flavor combinations... the blue cheese, nectarines, and marcona almonds work beautifully together to balance out the strong flavor of the bitter frisee/peppery arugula. Note: i mistakenly purchased "plum vinaigrette" rather than plum vinegar which i imagine would be MUCH tarter with higher acidity... exactly what my dressing needed more of and what the ultimate salad required to balance out the sweet/salt/bitter going on. That being said, i luckily caught it before adding too much, and was able to use supplement some rice vinegar in... and, my guest loved it anyway. very much looking forward to making this again with UMEBOSHI vinegar and giving it four forks!