Rating: 0
I licked it. Thought it could use a kick of fire or spice.

Rating: 4
Very nice dish for people who enjoy oxtails.

Rating: 4
This recipe was made as part of the Tanksgiving dinner and was the most prefored over anything eles, several days later another pot was requested by the family. slow cooking is the trick.

Rating: 3
first time Oxtail eater, this recipe made me an Oxtail eater forever. enjoyed making the the recipe, enjoyed eating the finisted dish, and so did my guest.

Rating: 1
I love oxtails and cook them many, many different ways so I was enthused to try this recipe. First, I would rename it Oxtails in Bland Brown Gravy. I still don't understand how so many ingredients put together in a pot can be so bland upon completion. The previous writer summed it up by saying that after the sauce is done you can "...infuse it with different herbs ... maybe enriching it ... adding some homemade demi-glace...or thicken it up with good roux." I made not substitutions other than one. I did not cook the flour and fat drippings for the full ten minutes. As it cooked, it began to taste like a gumbo, not a taste my family prefers. During the last 30 minutes of cooking, I started to wonder how I could "salvage" the meal so my family would eat it. Overall I would say far too long and complicated a recipe for results that are far short of spectacular. But different strokes ...

Rating: 3
Oxtail is something I've been afriad to try, but being a Brazilian native, I felt I had to conquer it, as grandmother used to serve it a lot. It took me two times to finally get this the way I liked it. You must be sure to get a nice brown on the meat, otherwise your sauce doesn't get that nice, rich color. Also, using a pressure-cooker vastly reduces the cooking time to around 45 minutes, depending. Once the meat is cooked and the sauce is strained, reducing the sauce and getting the right flavor and consistency is where you can be the most creative...infusing it with different herbs, maybe enriching it with a touch of butter in the end, or adding some homemade demi-glace, or thickening it up with some good roux. My friends didn't know what to make of the oxtail, as they're not familiar with it (they didn't even know how to begin eating it!), but dug in enthusiastically after they tasted the first bite! It's really good over Yukon Gold mashed potatoes with chives and caramelized red onion. This recipe does take some time, but for the experienced cook, it's worth a try!