Rating: 2
The marinade was well received by my Argentinian Night guests, but not the chimichurri sauce. There is way too much vinegar in this recipe. It was overpowering and ruined the flavors. It was like eating mini marinated vegetables in vinegar. I also think including red bell pepper added a sweetness that conflicted with the oregano and thyme used in the whole recipe. To be honest, I've be searching for a good chimichurri recipe and the one I like the most is on allrecipes.com. It uses more parsley, less vinegar, and a food processor to finely mince and really blend the flavors.

Rating: 4
I agree with the comment below. This recipe is incredible! A total HIT with everyone I have served it to! I cook the beef a little longer than suggested (10-12 minutes). This makes it a nice medium rare. The chimmichurri sauce is out of this world and could be used on any type of meat-chicken, pork, etc... Try it for a summer BBQ! Your guests will rave!

Rating: 4
I am saddened that this recipe is rated so poorly. It is a fantastic recipe--however, knowing that it will hit flames- I did pick a fattier meat than listed--but this recipe is out of this world and the chimichurri sauce takes it further..... It has become an easy staple in my busy life---one that picky little eaters will even eat! Don't run away from this recipe--embrace its fresh and substantial taste....you will not be disappointed if you love fresh herbs and a good bbq recipe ( and are busy :0) Give the good taste a try! My husband loves it with fresh bread--I serve with salad--too with the chimichurri as the dressing on fresh baby greens....YUM!!!

Rating: 1
I raised my eyebrows at the notion of buying three pounds of tenderloin to cut into cubes but went ahead with it anyhow. Alas, my fears were justified. This lovely cut of meat is entirely too lean for this particular application. Next time I'll take care to use something with considerably more marbling to take best advantage of the grill.

Rating: 0
Can you substitute pork tenderloin in this recipe. I have used Chimichurri sauce on chicken before and beef..not yet pork.Any ideas?

Rating: 4
The meat alone was delicious, but even better when augmented by the chimichurri sauce. The chimichurri was different than others we've tried before, and has a more acidic, refreshing tang. It made for some tasty leftovers too.