Rating: 0
The vitamin C tablet (ascorbic acid) is used in this recipe in order to reduce the avocado's browning. Vitamin C is a potent antioxidant and preservative (it's what the food industry uses!) and shouldn't have much of a flavor. The "active ingredient" in lemon juice to prevent browning is vitamin C. The tablet is much more concentrated, though. If you don't want to use the vitamin C, you'll just need to make the mousse right before serving.

Rating: 4
With a few minor adaptations, this turned out to be an elegant, light appetizer before a heavy meal I just served it at my Christmas dinner party for 10 and it was a great hit. I made the following changes: Pureed all the avocadoes instead of adding the last one as chunks. Added about 5-6 drops hot sauce - just enough to up the flavor but not to overwhlem the delicay of the mousse. Used rice wine vinegar and cilantro instead of tarragon. I spooned the mousse into wine glasses and served the salsa on top. The mousse and salsa complement each other perfectly. Note, even though I placed platic wrap on top of the mousse, it still turned brown on the surface. I had to carefully remove this before serving. Next time, I think I'll make the mousse just about an hour before using to avoid this

Rating: 0
what's the point of the vitamin C tablet???

Rating: 3
Suspecting the mousse might be a little lackluster I made a few additions: the finely grated zest from 1 lemon, a dash or two of cayenne, white pepper and finely minced cilantro - resulted in great flavour. Re the salsa: I used white balsamic rather than tarragon vinegar (just cannot abide tarragon), deleted the tarragon and used cilantro instead, added a small clove of grated garlic. Made the mousse in fluted jelly molds which presented nicely, served on a nest of shredded lettuce with the salsa alongside, and garnished each with a dollop of sour cream sprinkled with lemon zest and chives. With these changes this was a lovely starter - elegant and colourful on the plate, and very tasty. Elicited many mmm-mmms from my dinner guests. Enjoy!

Rating: 1
Very disappointing. It tasted very bland. Good presentation with the salsa. Salsa was good, but I have made better. Any hints to give this more flavor???