Rating: 3
I admit, this was my first pie crust! I am an experienced baker but always shied away from rollout dough. This year I am forcing myself to make pies and rolled cookies...no more roll out dough phobia! Here are my dough details: I made 1/2 recipe since I only needed one crust. The dough was a bit springy which was nice because it rolled out without cracking. My main concern when choosing this recipe was to have a dough that was easy to work with and this recipe was just that. My crust was not flakey but it was good...I think it was good and no one complained. I made a pecan pecan pie usung this crust. I baked the pecan part then the pecan/pumpkin pie and the dough stood up to two bakings. I didn't think it was the best tasting/texture but it wasn't bad or even close to bad. Also, the texture could have been effected by my using the cuisinart food processor to mix the dough and cut in the fats. I dont like using the patry blender so i took my chances and used power tools! I used a lightly floured Casabella silicone pastry mat when rolling the one 9.5" pie crust; the amount of dough was generous and I had to trim all around the pie plate. Conclusion: I will make agin but I will try other recipes in search of a favorite. I hope all these details help other cooks.

Rating: 4
This pie crust recipe has proven itself to me time and time again over the past 5 years. It's easy to make and the incorporation of both butter and shortening gives it great taste and texture.

Rating: 3
This pie crust was no problem at all for me. I had made a two crust pie, and there was plenty of dough leftover. Easy to roll out and work with, delicous too. I will use this again, it was easy for me, who usually has trouble making pies.

Rating: 2
This recipe was simple enough to make, yet the next day when it was put in use, it was nothing but trouble. It was constantly cracking & breaking. When the pie finally did come out the crust stuck to the bottom of the pan. I used the other half later(with PAM) and it slid out ok. I'd suggest to choose another recipe.

Rating: 1
This crust turned out more like a shortbread in taste and texture than what I consider a traditional pie crust. I think I'll stick to my tried and true Fannie Farmer crust that's just flour, salt, shortening and water. It's always great.

Rating: 3
I have always made enough dough for 3 pies, so this was a bit different for me. The crust turned out wonderful... nice and flaky. So next time I only want one pie, I will turn to this recipe