Rating: 4
Outstanding! Unlike any creme brulee I have ever had. And I don't even like chocolate!

Rating: 0
This recipe tastes great, but i can't ever get the broiling right. I now use a flambe kit from dessertsnow.com & it comes out perfect every time. No torching & great aromas

Rating: 3
This is a fantastic concept and a delicious dessert, but it's not always as beautiful as one would hope. The mousse isn't always the best canvas for an even brulee, and will occasionally start to melt and liquify as you are heating the sugar. That being said, everyone still loves this dessert- even my ex-boyfriend, a man who wouldn't usually touch something white and creamy like a custard because he hated everything wonderful, loved it.

Rating: 2
I am a highly experienced cook who started at my chef grandfather's knee when I was two. I made this for Valentine's day for my family and was excited to be able to combine my husband's two favorites, chocolate and creme brulee into one dish. I made it in 7 individual custard dishes, rather than one big serving dish. The creme brulee part was perfectly done in 35 minutes in a hot water bath. The problem was the mousse. It was impossible to get the surface smooth enough to be able to flame the sugar topping correctly. Even grinding the brown sugar to a superfine size (as instructed in the notes at the end of the recipe) was not enough to get a good brulee top. We ended up with chocolate mountain peaks and valleys and when I flamed the dessert, it ended up lumpyish looking. It was over-the-top rich and the flavors were wonderful together, but I like my food to be beautiful AND flavorful for special occasions. My husband laughed that in the 20 years I have been cooking for him, he had never seen such an ugly dessert come out of my kitchen. I would not spend the two days it took to make this again. I will just do chocolate creme brulee.

Rating: 3
Wonderful variation of créme brulee. I used a different recipe for the actually créme part but only because I've had a lot of sucess with it (Grand Marnier Creme Brulee, subtituted with Brandy). Be sure to read the recipe thoroughly to note that the chocolate mousse has to be made later after the créme is chilled. Easy to make just time consuming due to the two step process.