Rating: 0
I did a variation on this after reading other reviews: sauteed the onion for 5 min, blanched the broccoli for 4 min, added some corn cut off the cob (leftover). Instead of cheese, I used a can of broccoli-cheese soup, which made the mixture moist enough. The corn made it a little sweet, which was nice. Next time, I'll add a tsp of salt.

Rating: 4
This bread was wonderful. I found that the cheese makes it salty enough, so I didn't add any salt. We like a lot of pepper, so I used lots of freshly ground. I followed one reviewer's suggestion and diced the broccoli (it was fresh from our garden, and very tasty). This was so good that even avowed broccoli haters ate it with pleasure. It will be made again and again, as long as broccoli is in season.

Rating: 3
I have been making this recipe for many years. It makes a wonderful snack whether hot or cold. When done right, it should be slightly brown and crunchy on top, and you should get a good mix of broccoli and onion flavour mixed with cheddar and cornmeal. Play with the quantities until you find your preferred balance of the 3 main ingredients. It also works great if you have stored the broccoli in packages in the freezer.

Rating: 2
This is weird. The "batter" was beyond thick--the eggs just didn't have enough liquid volume to bind all of the dry ingredients. Ultimately, I had to pour the melted butter into the bowl and mix it together. It tasted okay--more like a corn and broccoli pudding than a cornbread. I agree with the previous taster--how in world would I know what "salt and pepper to taste" should mean in a batter to be baked? I don't know what to make of this recipe--it wasn't bad, it was just strange.

Rating: 2
This is weird. The "batter" was beyond thick--the eggs just didn't have enough liquid volume to bind all of the wet ingredients. Ultimately, I had to pour the melted butter into the bowl and mix it together. It tasted okay--more like a corn and broccoli pudding than a cornbread. I don't know what to make of it--it wasn't bad, it was just strange.

Rating: 2
This is an interesting idea that needs to be seriously refined. The broccoli should be chopped finer, perhaps after blanching. The butter should be seriously reduced (I poured off quite a bit after cooking - it's really fried bread). The onion should be cooked briefly before mixing in. A specific measurement of salt should be established (to taste??? how is one to know that?). I might make my own version of something similar again, but I wouldn't make this recipe again.