Rating: 2
Whew! This one is a doozy. I tried to follow the recipe as closely as possible, and it took a long time. Its not much of a "walk away while the dish cooks" kind of meal either. This was a lot of standing over the stove. My guests tell me that the lamb was quite good, though I sort f doubt the time taken to prepare the dish justified the results. I personally couldn't eat this--having been in the kitchen with it for so long, I was no longer hungry for it.

Rating: 4
I don't really unerstand the criticism about the amount of work this recipe takes. I agree that it takes a long time, but that's almost all cooking time, allowing the chef to do other things. I found it to be easy and well worth the effort. The braising liquid is absolutely spectacular. I cut the recipe down to serve two, but can't wait to make this for company. If you like a well braised dish, this one will do it for you. How nice to find such a great recipe for a cheap cut of meat. Give this one a try!

Rating: 3
I enjoyed this quite a bit. Much more than I had anticipated. It's quite a bit of work [as most reductions are], so that's why I didn't give it a four. Certainly, I'll make it again, but I'll make more next time! Might as well have left over if you're going to take the time to make it!

Rating: 3
I also made this recipe for my husband and daughters. I changed the recipe by cooking all the vegetables (I added parsley root instead of parsnips) with the browned lamb, herbs, and beef stock. I removed the meat and vegetables and reduced the stock (there is enough left over to make a couple cups of soup) and then served the stock over the meat and vegetables with a side of roasted baby red potatoes. Delicious!

Rating: 3
I made this for St. Patrick's Day and my husband and I really enjoyed it. As for the criticism that it's too much work or why not just grill the chops and roast the vegetables, that's fine, but it's also a different recipe. This one gives you a rich flavor from the braise that you can't get unless the meat is cooked in the liquid with vegetables. I followed the recipe exactly and found that 2 hours was a little too long. Next time I'll try reducing the cooking time. But even with the meat falling off the bone, it was delicious--and no more work than any other braise.

Rating: 1
Braised lamb chops should be delicious, but there is nothing unique about this recipe. Why not just bake the veggies along with the lamb? And why would you braise loin lamb chops (a suggested substitute) when you can grill them in 10 min?

Rating: 0
I didn't make this, because it seems like a lot of unnecessary steps. I recommend instead marinating the lamb overnight, then throwing all of it in a very hot oven 475 for 20 minutes and turning it off for 2 hours. It will taste just as good and be a lot less work.

Rating: 2
This was disappointing. Pretty ordinary result, and my Yankee sensibility has problems with 3 QUARTS of stock (which "reduces" down to an enormous amount of liquid disproportionate to the chops) and discarding the yummy stewed vegetables. The accompanying boiled/sauteed veggies were tasty, but again,nothing special.