Rating: 0
I agree with "A Cook from Seattle" - these were the worst blondies I've ever tasted. Dry and a strange after-taste. I own the King Arthur Flour Whole Grain Baking book and have generally been pleased with their other recipes. This one is a definite miss. If you want delicious and possibly highly addictive blondies then make the "Blondies with Pecans and Chocolate Chips" recipe from Bon Appetit (July 1998), also on this site. I made the latter recipe a couple of weeks after the botched King Arthur blondies and the difference was incredible. My family told me not to make them again soon because they couldn't stop eating them. T

Rating: 4
These are outstanding. My kids and I wanted to make some blondies after seeing the new Nancy Drew movie (she bribes someone with a very delicious blondie). So, we found this recipe and thought we would try it. We made them just as the recipe states and they were very yummy. The edges got carmalized and chewy. The pecans are buttery and add a nice texture to the bars. We all thought these were better than most brownies we have had (and that is a lot as we like to cook).

Rating: 1
This is dreadful! I made it with hazelnuts instead of walnuts. What came out with an overly sweet piece of cardboard with a weird side taste. I really want to bake with whole wheat flour, but this is not the answer. It is now sitting in my trash after tasting one piece.

Rating: 3
yummy! blondies were delicious. made a few substitutions, used sliced almonds, white chocolate chips, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1 cup regular sugar. still came out great! very moist, and chewy on the sides. will make again

Rating: 4
Totally excellent blondies, with a moist, fudgy texture; my sons LOVE them and DH has been eating a lot of them. But waaaay too sweet when made as is. I reduced the sugar by a third the second time I made them, and subbed oat flour for a third of the whole-grain flour, but they turned out drier although sweetness was about right for our taste. I think the huge amount of sugar contributes to the moist, fudgy texture, so will need to find the right balance between sweetness and texture - maybe increase butter a tad? Anyway, it feels good that these awesome blondies are somewhat healthy. They are wonderful served warm, drizzled with butterscotch sauce and topped with ice cream and more butterscotch sauce. Yes, I know, in that case why reduce the sugar?... but eaten alone they taste better when not so tooth-achingly sweet.