Rating: 4
This pizza was delicious, with some modifications. I added some fresh sage to the sauce to try and avoid a bland sauce. On top of the pizza I added some caramelized onions. To try to replicate a butternut squash pizza I had at a restaurant, I added blue cheese. I think that made all the difference. It probably would have been a little boring otherwise. This made the pizza really good!

Rating: 0
Made this tonight, cutting in half. Based on other's comments that the sauce was bland, I steeped 2 small garlic cloves in the milk and flour as it heated up, removing when the sauce began to thicken. I also added more nutmeg than the recipe called for, until it tasted good to me. I also added black pepper to the sauce. I was very pleased with the recipe. The only additional modification I would make in the future would be to use roasted garlic on top of the pizza instead of raw, for a more finished taste.

Rating: 4
This was delicious, but I made a few changes due to time constraints and ingredients on hand. I only had an hour for the crust to rise, but it still turned out beautifully when the pizza was baked. I added chopped sage and rosemary to the sauce and threw in a handful of asiago cheese towards the end. Before laying down the sauce and toppings, I put a bed of spinach over the crust. I didn't have any Parmesan cheese, but topped it with mozzarella and asiago, lots of fresh herbs, and the squash. Fabulous! I'll definitely make this again, we loved it.

Rating: 3
To richen the white sauce, I added a 1/4 cup cream cheese. An addition of sauteed leeks and spinach also work well with this pizza.

Rating: 2
I thought the squash and sage combo on a pizza was great, but I agree that the white sauce was a little bland--perhaps jazzing it up with a little cream and some aged romano might help.

Rating: 1
The texture of the roasted squash was too soft for my taste. The white sauce ruined the pizza for me. I would eliminate the sauce and go for a tangy cheese. Also I'd try to carmelize the squash for a crunchier texture.