Rating: 4
Made this from the Gourmet cookbook--everyone loved it--then looked here to see the reviews. This is totally delicious and easily put together and stuck in the fridge until much later. Bring it out after dinner, toast the nuts, and dig into an ethereal dessert with hardly any last-minute prep!

Rating: 4
I made this for a weekend dinner with family and friends. The flavor was spectacular, not too sweet, and everyone loved it. The saltiness from the pecans and crust (I used my own basic pie crust recipe that calls for 1/2 t. salt) were a perfect compliment to the caramel cream filling.

Rating: 0
I tried to make this pie this morning and evidently the 2 tsp. of unflavored gelatin are important. I didn't have unflavored gelatin so I replaced with 4 tsp. of cornstarch. I didn't like the flavor of the sauce after I cooked it either. Too much like vinegar. But I refrigerated and then froze for an hour and it wouldn't set up. Got no thicker than peanut butter. So, I took it out of shell and added a bowl of whipped cream and then froze it. It tasted much better then too. Maybe I kinda burnt the sauce, not sure, but it didn't taste good. I would not make this pie again

Rating: 1
I don't know what happened, but this was awful. Maybe I burned the butterscotch, but I followed this recipe to the letter. Be careful going for the golden color. What I thought was golden made me almost vomit and I can't get the acrid taste out of my mouth.

Rating: 3
In a world where some desserts are almost sickeningly sweet, we thought this was a nice change. I made this as part of a 50th birthday dinner for a friend because I thought it would be fun to have a recipe from the year of her birth. Before making it, I turned to the reviews section and was disappointed to find only two reviews. One reviewer mentioned replacing the traditional pie crust with a crumb crust. I used graham cracker crumbs, and it was wonderful! The filling is not too sweet, and I think the 3 tablespoons of sugar in the crust was a nice addition. Also, the crumb crust played nicely against the soft texture of the filling. On the cover of the magazine, the pecans looked large and broken instead of chopped. I prefer chopped, but I did chop them coarsely. My husband, who loves butterscotch, says this recipe deserves a rating of 5 forks!

Rating: 3
i thought it was delightful..... and would make it again....

Rating: 2
Not sure why this recipe was the 1956 favorite of the Gourmet editors (hmmm, maybe that says something about 1956-era cuisine). It was a nice, light finish to a big meal and the recipe was flawless, but nothing to write home about. We would substitute a ginger snap or graham cracker crust to give it more interest.