Rating: 4
I was making this for 8 people, and so I doubled the recipe. I forgot to double the potatoes, but considering Andrea Maria's review, I didn't get more. I think that maybe was smart, because the italian sausage and chard were the stars of the filling. It was delicious. This was my first time making pasta and I didn't to want to mess it up for a dinner party of 8, so I looked at another site for the casônèi pasta recipe, and it actually may have been the same: 6 eggs to 600g (about 5 cups) flour. I used the dough hook on my KitchenAid to mix, and after it rested it was fine. My only complaint was that I wish there was advice for storing when making them ahead of time. I made them an hour before guests arrived, and they stuck to the bottom of my floured pan because they absorbed the flour. So they just weren't as pretty.

Rating: 2
Not worth the time or effort for the flavors. I used my own pasta recipe since the review stated that the one listed is off. I followed the directions to make the shapes and even researched casoncelli to get an accurate picture of the pasta shape. It certianly does not look ANYTHING like the picture for this recipe. They should not look like ravioli, but if I were to make them again, I would make ravioli for simplicity. Additionally, I didn't like the potato flavor...taste was too similar to a pierogi, so next time I would add ricotta instead of potatoes and maybe goat cheese instead of the parmesan.

Rating: 2
I've never made homemade pasta before, but this recipe seemed like a great way to start. I stayed in a town in the Brescia region of Italy for a month several years ago and had this very same dish. However, without having had prior fresh pasta experience, something did not work well with the pasta dough recipe as written. After adding all the eggs and oil and kneading it together, all I had was a pile of lumpy flour. Looking on epi for other fresh pasta dough, the other recipes I came across called for twice as many eggs and also water. After playing around I finally got to a workable dough after adding an extra egg and 1/4 cup of water and another tbls of oil. I found it quite difficult to roll out to a thin sheet, so the dough was a bit thick. The filling was delicious and so great with the simple butter and cheese topping.