Rating: 3
This recipe is fast and easy perfect for when there is not much time to cook. For lack of some ingredients I used canned chicked instead for chicken slices, refried beans instead of black beans and corn instead of broccoli. I did not use chips or tortillas and instead ate it as it was. I have made this recipe twice and enjoyed it both times.

Rating: 3
I liked this recipe because it was fast and easy. After reading that it was bland, I added taco seasoning to the chicken. I added to my 1 cup of chicken enough water and taco seasoning for 2 cups according to the seasoning directions. I then added everything else to the pan and heated it there instead of in the microwave. I also didn't have enough cheddar so I used part mozzarella. I really liked it and will make it again!

Rating: 0
Parts of this recipe intrigued me, but the reviews told me it would take some tweaking. I often have to tweak recipes on this site, usually because of dietary restrictions. I don't know if this is a tweak or a whole new recipe. When we grill, we do extra and freeze it, so as to avoid excess sodium. I sliced that up for this recipe. For the chicken, I added sauteed onions, about 1/2 cup tomato sauce and seasonings. Those included chili powder and garlic. (I wasn't in the mood for really spicy.) I chose fat free refried beans and corn tortillas. I spread the beans on the tortillas, added cooked white rice, the chicken mixture, fresh cilantro and Mexican cheese. The amounts I used filled four 6 inch corn tortillas. After I had filled the tortillas, I poured enchilada sauce on it, and put pepper jack cheese on top of that. I let the cheese melt in 350 degree oven. This result was quite tasty.

Rating: 1
This recipe needs a lot of help. If made as is it is bland and flavorless.

Rating: 2
This was healthy and filling, but the burritos could have been a bit more flavorful. When I sauteed the chicken, I added some garlic powder, which kicked it up a little, but it still needed a little extra flavor