Rating: 3
I had a can of chestnuts in my pantry and I wanted to eat 'em. This ice cream was a good route! I decided to not make the toppings and I also didn't sieve the mixture before it froze but I still think it came out great! Btw, I've discovered that this distinct flavor is best for chestnut fans....my husband didn't enjoy it as much as I did because I don't think he's ever eaten a roasted chestnut...for me though, this reminds me of the chestnut vendors in Paris during Christmas. Yum.

Rating: 3
I modified this recipe and also used some ingredients I received as gifts from friends who have a chestnut farm in the south of France: Creme de Marron (chestnut spread) in place of chestnuts, and Creme de Chataigne (Chesnut) Liqueur. These ingredients are also available online. Make the custard with: No milk, 4 1/3 cups half&half, 6 large egg yolks, 1 cups packed dark brown sugar, 1/4 teaspoon salt, no orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla. After the custard is cooked, add: 1/2 cup of Creme de Marron (chestnut spread), 1/4 cup Creme de Chataigne (Chesnut) Liqueur), 1 tbsp Cognac. Strain, cool in ice bath and refrigerate overnight. Process in ice cream maker the next day.

Rating: 3
This was luscious, in flavor and texture both! The chocolate sauce is superflous and maybe even detracts from the nuance of the chestnut flavor of the ice cream. Agree with the reviewer who suggested using the sauce elsewhere. My husband and I are both chestnut fans and appreciated the subtle chestnut flavor here.

Rating: 4
This is amazing ice cream. I used frozen chestnuts from Trader Joe's. I pureed the chestnuts very well so I omitted straining the mixture. It turned out very smooth. I served it for Thanksgiving without the sauce. The next day I made the sauce which is very easy and tasty, but it was completely unnecessary with this ice cream and detracted from the chestnut flavor. However I might make this sauce to go with say a plain vanilla ice cream which is a flavor I have yet to make.

Rating: 2
Our family are HUGE chestnut fans so I was anxious to try this ice cream for a Thanksgiving dessert. Although tasty, the ice cream didn't scream CHESTNUTS to me, and reminded everyone at the table of the Italian confection, torrone, rather than of chestnuts. Perhaps this is due to the addition of orange zest in the recipe.