Rating: 0
While I have not yet made this cake, I was appalled to read that people discarded the remaining ganache! Whenever you have leftover ganache (what a lovely "problem"!), chill it in the fridge, roll into truffles as recommended and dust with cocoa, coconut or finely chopped nuts. For those who may think the cake is dry, perhaps it was baked a bit too long or not enough syrup was employed. A genoise is always going to be drier than an American layer cake and therefore, must be brushed generously with a sugar syrup. This is a typical French cake and sounds wonderful. I'm going to give a chance.

Rating: 2
With the time I spent making this thing, I could have bought a cake just as good, then gotten a manicure/pedicure and had time to watch a TV show. If you don't mind spending 3-1/2 hours baking a cake and then having your kitchen look like an atom bomb went off in it, then give it a try. The cake was very good, and I do have to admit, the ganache was very yummy,but all in all, the effort just wasn't worth it. Also, there was WAY too much ganache left over and had to toss some of it down the sink. A very good cake but not worth all the time and effort.

Rating: 1
Made this for NY's Eve dinner for my chocolate loving family. Followed recipe carefully and did not deviate one iota! Figure myself to be above average cook with numerous and various chocolate desserts made in my life time. This one is dry, too much Ganache, no-one liked it and I threw away a Genoise that took too long to make. Terrible dessert. Never again!

Rating: 4
I changed the recipe a bit. Instead of adding all the extracts to the ganache, I substituted them and the chocolate for some delicious Peppermint Bark I bought at Williams Sonoma.

Rating: 3
This is similar to a seven layer chocolate cake without the peppermint. However, a true genoise does not employ baking powder and the cake really should be coated with a couverture icing.

Rating: 3
Didn't make entire recipe. I only used the chocolate sponge for another recipe, but it works really, really well. I used it for a chocolate roll, baking it in a parchment lined 10"x17" sheet for 20 min at 350F. I filled it instead with a mixture of chocolate,whipped cream and bailey's. Delicious and received raves.