Rating: 4
Made this in the morning & served that night. Followed recipe to a "t" and got many accolades. Used Ghiradelli chocolate.

Rating: 0
It seems a couple people have misread the recipe . 3 and 1/4 cup milk is required...The first 3 cups are poured into the saucepan and the reserved 1/4 cup is whisked into the egg yolks.

Rating: 4
i really liked this dish. it had a great flavor overall, but if you use a mocha pudding or vanilla it makes it even better!

Rating: 3
I made this for my gourmet dinner club, and everyone raved about it. I've had tastier puddings, (the "natilla" is pudding) but this was a stylish tasty dessert. I agree, it makes more granita than necessary, but I don't mind leftovers. Next time, I'll use my favorite pudding recipe

Rating: 2
I made this for a gourmet club dinner that will be tonight. I made the granita 2 days ago and used a very rich Sumatran coffee bean. I am glad I did because with something milder all you would taste is sweet and not much coffee and if I were to make the granita again I'd cut way back on the sugar. For the natillas I had read the other review which said it tasted mainly of sweetened condensed milk and decided to use a really rich 82% Sharffen Berger dark chocolate and I am glad I did.It is yummy. I was generous with the vanilla beans and found I did not have to add liquid vanilla at all. With the extra dark chocolate the pudding has good balance but I am afraid the granita will not be the best paring with it.

Rating: 3
Two things: there does seem to be an error in the list of ingredients - 3 1/4 cups milk when you actually just need and use 3 cups - and the granita recipe makes way more than needed to top 8 custard cups. Nevertheless, the recipe turned out fine for me. The natillas are outrageously rich, thick and chocolatey, and the granita was fun to make and very flavorful. I served this at my supper club and we all loved it.

Rating: 1
I used very good chocolate but this dish was still very bland and tasted like the sweetened condensed milk with a slight chocolate flavor. I cooked it until it was very thick but it was still runny after refrigeration overnight. I did not make the granita since I needed to make a new dessert anyway. BTW, the recipe listed 3 1/4 cups milk but only used 3 cups? A total waste of good chocolate and a very expensive vanilla bean.