Rating: 0
this is in response to the cook who that thought her soup was fatty as it was gelatinous. i am not sure that is what she meant, but if it is gelatinous the fat would have hardened and can be lifted off the soup before heating. this is a good method for stews too. just refridgerate and remove the fat the next day. i havent made this exact soup but make one similar. today i'm making soup with matzoh balls. delish.

Rating: 1
I think, looking at the photo, I was expecting a lighter soup, although I did note @apotter0979's review, saying there was a lot of fat. To address that, I used my own homemade broth and boneless, skinless chicken thighs. Even so, it came out pretty fatty. I also couldn't find yellow bean paste, so I used brown miso. I didn't add any additional salt (and I forgot to add the sugar). In the end, it was very salty, pretty fatty and not very gingery. Certainly warming, but not exciting enough to make me try it again.

Rating: 4
Excellent! Very tasty.

Rating: 4
I've made this about 4 times and it's one of my favorite soups. I've also followed the recipe exactly every time. It has a nice spicy kick to it.

Rating: 3
I thoroughly enjoy this soup but I did make a few modifications. I could not find yellow bean paste and just added about 2 teaspoons of red chili paste. I also added twice as much ginger and cilantro. The soup was delicious but did contain a lot of fat (as I found out the next morning when my soup came out of the refrigerator gelatinous, next time I plan on using skinless chicken.

Rating: 2
This is a good starting place for several Asian inspired soups. Be careful of ingredients though, my version was too salty because i used Thai yellow bean sauce and it may be saltier than the Chinese version. I also used coconut milk instead of sugar in the recipe, adding it at the end of preparation. Finally, I'm not certain the boned chicken thighs and drummettes are worth the extra trouble in this recipe. Next time I'll use boneless chicken.