Rating: 4
I thought these were great, and I didn't have the problem of them melting or becoming a sloppy mess in the middle, though they do make a bit of a mess in your hands when rolling them. One way to keep them firm is to simmer the cream/butter/corn syrup mixture lightly for a few minutes before removing it from the heat and adding the chocolate, as you would for fudge. I didn't use a candy thermometer, just eyeballed it, but I think that cooking it a bit longer is what made them the correct consistency - even when left out of the fridge all day after the balls were formed and fully chilled, they were fine. I also chopped up the dried cranberries so they were about the same size as the chopped pecans - made the texture finer. One more thing I did - because I didn't have cranberry juice concentrate, I used regular cranberry juice - started with four times the amount, and cooked it down to what I needed. Worked just fine - perhaps cooking it down even more would help with the consistency issue of the final product. Next time I will use a melon baller to form the truffles so I don't end up with half of the chocolate all over my hands. These are a wonderful combination of sweet, crunchy, and fruity.

Rating: 3
We are try this recipe for sure and if it turns out a good one we will have it for sale in our web site! My name is Leticia and with my sister Daniela we decided to make a new business with one of our favorite things in the world CHOCOLATE! We just launched a few weeks ago our web site CHOCOLATE GOURMET TRUFFLES. We create the best tasting homemade chocolate truffles, they are made with the best pure milk, dark or white chocolates available in the market. Our chocolate truffles are a big size somewhat spherical confection with a creamy chocolate center and a hard dark or white chocolate shell. Chocolate Gourmet Truffles are the BIGGEST TRUFFLES IN THE MARKET! Our competitors has truffles half size of ours! Each of our Chocolate Truffles are 5 inches big (round total measured) , comparing to the others, that are 2 to 3 inches big.Our confectionery Chocolate Truffles are made with the best and pure ingredients : dark chocolate, white chocolate, semi- sweet chocolate, milk chocolate and bittersweet chocolate. ...The truffles are slightly larger then golf balls, with a chocolate shell and a creamy filling that comes in an assortment of flavors... says Marianne Van Eenenaam correspondent of The Muskegon Chronicle, Michigan, last week. http://blog.mlive.co m/chronicle/2008/08/ brazilian_sisters_se ll_worlds_2.HTML Well, hope you all the best! Chocolate lovers! Sincerely, Leticia Burmann HTTP://www.chocolate gourmettruffles.com

Rating: 4
I made these for a large dinne r party, we ended up serving them with pumpkin cheesecake with sour cream bourbon topping, they were an absolute hit.

Rating: 2
Although these tasted good, I had a really hard time forming them into truffle balls. After being refrigerated as advised, the truffle "batter" hardened around the edges, but was an unmanageable slop in the middle. Would not attempt these again.

Rating: 2
These were very tasty and easy but too soft. They must be chilled at all times, which makes them impractical for cookies trays or gifts.