Rating: 1
The meat never got soft in the microwave and thus the dish was inedible after 45 minutes. Only after 20 minutes of braising on the stove did it become semi-eatable. The sauce was yummy.

Rating: 3
I had two issues, but will make this again with the help of the other reviews. First, I couldn't find Star Anise as suggested, so I used Sambuca for licorice flavor, it seemed to do the trick, and Second, I bought the wrong kind of meat, round somethingorother (much tougher) so I let it simmer for 1.5-2.0 hours - this would be perfect for a crock pot, slow cooked... It was good over egg noodles (I used No Yolk Noodles, less cholesterol) Enjoy!

Rating: 4
This is a 4-fork dish, provided you change the recipe as follows. Traditionally, this is served as "Braised Beef Noodles", a very popular Northern Chinese dish. What you want to do is make a very rich beef stock, add chunks of beef chuck, and season with cinnamon stick, a bit of soy sauce, a couple slices ginger, and most importantly one star anise (whole, available in Chinese section of the grocery or at Chinese markets). Braise until the beef is tender (falling apart). This will be served over fresh cooked egg noodles (Chinese if possible). When the beef is nice and tender (falling apart), I like to add baby bok choy (or regular bok choy, cut into 2-inch pieces; or baby spinach leaves). Do this at the very last moment, and you will have a nice crunchy spine to the bok choy and barely wilted leaves. Spoon the soup over noodles. Absolutely great. And a wonderful winter meal. Personally, I love the flavor of the cinnamon & star anise with the beef & broth, but it is really too strong to eat with rice. Fresh Chinese egg noodles are a much better accompaniment. Enjoy!

Rating: 2
This is a very traditional Chinese dish and it could turn out to be very tasty, esp served over white rice. However, I would recommend cooking it on the stove top rather than in the microwave so that the texture of the meat would be more tender. Just use the exact same ingredients and simmer on the stove top for about 30mins or until the sauce is reduced, and the beef tender. Right before serving this dish, add cornstarch mixed in with a little water to create a cornstarch solution, pour over the stew and stir for a minute before serving. Adding the cornstarch too early on would make the sauce sticky and gluey.

Rating: 3
The slightly sweet sauce goes very well with the turnip flavor, but you do have to like turnip.