Rating: 3
I made this for Christmas to rave reviews. The creme puffs definitely soften once the filling is in and they had great flavor. Like others, I didn't have enough to cover the cone. Next time I'll buy a smaller cone. I'm not sure what all the complaints are about besides there not being enough creme puffs to cover the 18" cone they suggest...the flavor is great and every last one was eaten and raved about. That's success in my book.

Rating: 0
Spectacular! And after I read the reviews I absolutely did not make the cream puffs :) I bought them, assembled with the chocolate sauce, and took ALL of the credit!! But it was absolutely worth it for the presentation. I needed a little bit more than one recipe of chocolate sauce, and actually I wound up needing 80 or so cream puffs to cover a 14" cone (not 55 puffs for an 18" cone like the recipe!). A couple of hints: Let the sauce cool and thicken before assembling, and I used cranberries to fill in the spots where the cone was showing and thought it was really pretty. Enjoyed 'making' it and will 'make' it again.

Rating: 3
gref

Rating: 1
Both my friends and my family consistently rave about my baking, but not this Christmas Eve. If you are very patient, you may end making something that you is good, but not great. The cream puffs were very hard ~ but don't worryy, because they do soften once they have the pastry inserted (after about 2 hrs). Like others, I did not have enough cream puffs to cover cones. I recommend either doubling the batch (huge work) or buying a smaller cone. I covered the back of my 'empty' cone with Holly. If you have a hard time having the tape adhere to the cone, use a toothpick until all the cream puffs are inserted. The concept is great ... very feastive, but like others, it was a ton of work that just didn't 'wow' others or me.

Rating: 0
I'm a gourmet cook, but honestly, I would never make cream puffs. You can buy them in excellent quality at professional bakeries, and make the most delicious filling and topping yourself! I've once made a Harley Davidson out of cream puffs with chocolate and sugar candy to hold it all together (for a party of 50). It was a huge hit!

Rating: 2
I used a smaller cone that the recipe calls for, and I still did not have enough puffs to cover it. I was able to leave the back bare and I think that no one noticed, but it was still frustrating. The puffs were okay, but the filling was bland and icky, and the chocolate was too rich. I may be so critical because I've had perfect profiteroles at a local Italian restaurant, but I just don't think that these are worth the time and effort. It was a pretty cool presentation, and it was perfect for a tree-trimming party, but I'll find something else next time.

Rating: 2
For me this recipe was only halfway successful. I have made cream puff pastry before and have always been sure not to open the oven at all during baking or the puffs will fall. That is exactly what happened when I tried to follow the baking instrucions with this recipe, and I had to make them over with a different recipe. The filling is absolutely amazing and very easy to make. The chocolate sauce was good, but I decided to add some confectioner's sugar and unsweetened cocoa to make it thicker. I will try this recipe again and just keep the puffs in the center of the oven without opening it.

Rating: 4
While slightly time consuming, this recipe was a huge hit! I made it for dinner on Christmas Eve and my guests absolutely raved! The cream puffs were delicious and the presentation was awesome!