Rating: 4
This adaptation of the original recipe is very clever. The author of this recipe toasts 1/2 of the shredded coconut and leaves the other 1/2 in its original state, infusing the cream and coconut milk with both without leaving either in the resulting mixture which the original recipe unfortunately did. That recipe had no distinct coconut flavor and a very odd and uncharacteristic texture. This one has a wonderful smooth texture, distinct coconut flavor and if done right, the hallmark crunch of a caramelized sugar top. I would add, although I would have imagined that refrigerating after caramelizing the sugar would have caused it to become soggy or worse yet, disintegrate from moisture, oddly enough it held up perfectly...2 days later. I discovered this when there were 2 leftovers from a dinner party that had to be refrigerated... and were not eaten until 2 days later. Exactly the same texture(crisp, brittle, shattering)that we had when eating ours-never would have anticipated it but true.

Rating: 0
I have yet to make this particular creme brulee, but I am quite a brulee aficionado. Before I bought my torch, the most complicated part of making brulee was caramelizing the sugar. For those of you without torches: After brulee has cooled and your approaching caramelizing time. Take the ramekins you want to brulee and pop them in the freezer for 15-20 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat broiler. When custards have chilled, and the broiler is ready, remove custards from the freezer and place into the same pan you originally prepared the custards in the bain marie, except nestle ice all around the custards and fill to half way up the ramekins with the coldest tap water you can muster. This combination of pre-freezing and the "bain froid" will ensure the custards don't heat up as they broil. Watch closely to ensure the sugar caramelizes and doesn't burn as broiling is quite a fickle method. Also, do not as "hungrybellies" suggests above add sugar far prior to consuming. Caramelized sugar will not hold long on top of custards, as puddings and custards go through a process called syneresis, where they weep and release water. As such the caramelized sugar will just turn to liquid and the beauty of creme brulee is that snappy, crunchy, hard sugar contrast to the ethereal, perfectly smooth custard.

Rating: 0
This recipe tastes great, but i can't ever get the broiling right. I now use a flambe kit from dessertsnow.com & it comes out perfect every time. No torching & great aromas

Rating: 4
This is my second time making this at my husband's special request. It was smooth and perfectly textured. You really should use one of those little kitchen torches that are available at most stores. Then you get the cold custard with the brittle burnt sugar topping. Excellent.

Rating: 3
Delicious! It had more coconut flavor than I expected because you actually remove the coconut flakes for a smoother texture. I would have to say that the chilling overnight is unnecessary - I think you could probably just add the sugar to the tops the last 5 minutes, then chill afterwards and eat whenever. I found that because I had to chill it over night, then the next day had to heat up the oven and melt the sugar than had to cool it down again (cause it says so and it came out too hot - i like it chilled) it was a lot of unnecessary back and forth. So make it easy for yourselves!