Rating: 1
Full disclosure: although I've made many a Cornish pasty, I've never made this recipe. HOWEVER. A U.P. pasty is not a pasty without RUTABAGA! Make a simple pie crust, roll it thick, fill it with ground beef, chopped onions, diced potatoes, and diced rutabaga with a little salt, and you will not be disappointed. No need for mushrooms, carrots, or anything else.

Rating: 3
I find it entirely goofy that this is NOT listed under "pasty", and entirely goofy that it does not include root vegetables en masse, and doesn't add the filling ingredients in "stripes", with onions at one end, and apples or pumpkin at the other. Guess I'll have to write my own . . .

Rating: 4
When asked to make 120 little meat pies for a school function, I thought no problem, but, when I tried the usual pie crust recipe or a recipe I had from Bolivian Empanadas, something just wasn't quite right. This recipe's dough had just the right holding power to keep the filling in, and had a wonderful texture; not tough, not too flaky, just perfect. I made up my own fillings, stacked them inbetween waxed paper and sent them off to school to be heated up later. Everyone raived how good they were. They freeze nice too. Since I had 3 different fillings, I cut out 3 different shapes with tiny cookie cutters and used them to decorate the pasties. The dough is the most important part of this recipe. You can use a multitude of fillings, just be careful to use dry or paste like fillings. I've lived in England, Australia, and I'm from Michigan (where the U.P. is) - this crust was exactly what I was looking for. It's definitely going in my recipe box.

Rating: 3
My family loves this recipe. Never been to UP, no idea what their version tastes like. As for where to find mushrooms in six feet of snow, the grocery store is a good start.

Rating: 2
Good Lord, Please do not call these Cornish or Upper Pennisula Pasties! Call then turnovers if you like, but these are nothing like what my family in the UP or in Cornwall have ever made! The crust is even an over-blown creation! I'll stick to our modified (using shorteneing rather than lard) crust recipe, and the traditional ingredients. I just hope that people aren't getting the wrong impression of mining wive's cooking! -- Where are you to get mushrooms in sic feet of snow, for instance? -Yeesh!