Rating: 0
Good catch, Cook from St Paul. Yes, 2c of fresh/thawed white corn kernels were left off of the online recipe here. I think that makes all the difference. But the original egg to cream ratio is maintained (I have the old, well-loved clipping here in front of me for comparison). Not that adding an extra egg or 2 would harm this! We love this as a summer brunch dish.

Rating: 1
I made this recipe numerous times from the magazine. It makes a great brunch presentation. But this version is messed up. Where is the corn? Anybody recall how much corn is supposed to go into the dish? I'm not sure if this recipe has the same ratio of eggs to cream as the magazine version. 2 cups of cream sounds like a lot! I recall I always put in more egg and less cream, even in the printed version. It is also too bad that the entire brunch menu is not here. It was a nice combination of foods. So, this is a case where the website is not up to the magazine standards.

Rating: 3
Really nice flavors; fresh and light for a Springtime brunch. Really easy to do and the result is such a nice presentation.

Rating: 2
I don't if I messed something up but this recipe was not good at all. I used fat free half and half instead of cream and used yellow corn instead of white corn but overall, it was the overpowering basil and the lack of substance that really left this meal with nothing. I wouldn't make it again, personally, but I wouldn't discourage anyone else from making it. The previous reviewers raved about this recipe, so don't take my advice.

Rating: 3
This was a tasty recipe. I did, however, have trouble with the parchment paper ripping making rolling of the roulade next to impossible. The texture was a bit too soft for my taste. I think next time I'll use more egg to milk ratio. The flavours, though, were good.

Rating: 4
My husband prepares a gourmet breakfast Christmas morning. This recipe was fabulous!!! He even prepared the rolls a day before and reheated in the morning(covered). He made the yellow coulis once and a grape tomato coulis another which was just as good. Surprisingly not that difficult either(6 on a scale of 1-10). Great!!