Rating: 3
Josh, quince comes into season every October in places that experience a typical fall climate, Midwest and East coast for sure. LA is going to be hard for "seasonal" ingredients because it doesn't really experience the full seasons. We get it ever October/November in NYC. I loved the concept of this recipe. I would only make it again with some edits. First of all "Discard cloves." Sure, I'll just dip my hand into this boiling sugary cauldron and root around and look for the cloves (sarchasm at the impossibility of that direction). I also found biting down on the coriander seeds when eating is bitter, therefore I would recommend putting the spices in a spice bag or using ground spices. Second, unfortunately the onions did not do it for me. The blanching made the skins adhere to their bodies and pretty awful to peel. That step could be skipped and they can just be peeled like normal onions. However I won't be using them at all next time.

Rating: 3
Beautiful presentation and tastes fresh. A nice combination of ingredients. Perfect for gifting in an attractive jar for your holiday hostess.

Rating: 1
OK. What is the point of having a seasonal recipe like this when one of the key ingredients is not in season?! In L.A., there is no place that sells Quince for another couple of weeks simply because the fruit is not ready to be harvested yet. I got the same answer from every grocery store and farmers market vendor: not in season yet. The only reason why I said I will try to make it (for the first time) is that I am truly curious what this will taste like once all the ingredients become available.

Rating: 4
Wow. What an amazing combination of flavors! I made the recipe exactly as written, and I will be adding this to my permanent Thanksgiving recipe collection. As I was making it I was concerned that the whole coriander seeds might be a bit too intense when one bit into them, but not so -- they provided an excellent counterpoint to the lushness of the quince and onions.