Rating: 3
I liked this but will make a few changes next time. I will - as everyone else has said - cut back on the onion. I also plan to use plain Greek yoghurt instead of mayo. And yes, if definitely needs a hint of acidity from something to balance it and prevent the lasting impression from being BLAND. So, some good quality vinegar will be added next time.

Rating: 3
Made this salad as a side item for Easter brunch, very light and tasty. Next time I would use a bit less basil, taste overwhelmed and dominated the dish a bit too much.

Rating: 4
This was a quick, easy and so flavorful recipe. I loved it. I threw it together in just a few minutes. The contrast beetween the creamy eggs and mayo and the crunchy cucumber was wonderful. The basil gives it an interesting taste you don't usually encounter in an egg salad, but it works. If you don't want it to be too oniony, use green onion instead of shallot, but if you like the shallot flavor (which I do) it should not be too overpowering. Will definitely do again.

Rating: 0
I loved this, BUT w/ some changes. Yes--I cut down a bit on the onion. But I think the most important step was mixing the chopped eggs, mayo, basil, onion and salt and putting in refrig over night to distribute the flavors evenly through the egg. Then right before serving, add the cucumber. The cucumber was more crunchy and the salt did not draw out any liquid. A wonderful way to use excess basil from my window plant!! (and refreshing in whole wheat pita as a sandwich!)

Rating: 2
This salad was so overly onion that it killed all of the other flavors. I had to add 3 extra eggs and double the basil and it was still onion-y I am so disappointed but will make it again in my own better revised way. Also, since I am Greek, I thought it was missing lemon, so I added some and it made it fantastic! Lemon should definitely be added to this recipe if you want it to be great, and the recipe should be revised to much less onion.

Rating: 1
This was a disappointment. It was edible, yes, but lacked any flavor other than onion. I tried to counter act the overly pungent green onion and shallot combination with some other spices like smoked paprika and cayenne. I then followed with a bit of lime juice which made it quite a bit brighter. All of the recent Epicurious recipes have ended with extreme delight in my home but even my boyfriend who is happy to eat anything reluctantly admitted it "needed something". Oh well. Onto the next recipe.

Rating: 4
So...I have been an egg salad snob. I think it's on a par with canned tuna. Oops! I have been schooled here. This stuff is fantastic. I read this and was curious. I had most everything anyway so I decided to try it out. (I did buy the english cucumber, the regular kind would be too wet I think. I charred slices of ciabatta on the grill and put it on. I will be serving it at a dinner party this weekend. Check it out for yourself. It's delicious!