Rating: 4
As a long time brat eater from Wisconsin, I grew up simmering brats first and then grilling them. While this does help reduce the cooking time of the brat, it can make the casing moist and subject to splitting on the grill. I now typically grill my brats first (on a well oiled grill so they don't stick), and them put them into a beer and onion hot tub (skip the butter). This makes them easier to serve to a large number of guests, imparts a nice beer flavor, and ensures that the brats are moist and juicy. There is also the bonus of soft onions with no cross contamination issues from re-using the onions from the uncooked brat bath in the more common pre-soak technique. While it seems that the pre-soak technique is more common, I find the post-soak produces better results for me.

Rating: 0
This recipe is backwards. You simmer the brats in beer with sliced onions. Skip the butter--it doesn't do anything but make the brats greasy. Then grill the brats until golden. Serve with onions fished out of the beer broth. Also offer mustard. This is the way our daughter and her husband make brats in Milwaukee. Alison K.

Rating: 0
I haven't tried this recipe, but I can tell you that when I was growing up in Wisconsin (45 minutes from Sheboygan), we boiled the brats in beer (and maybe some water) until cooked through, then grilled them to finish. Top with chopped raw onions and perhaps katsup and/or mustard. You might try this simple Wisconsin bear brat method!

Rating: 2
I made this dish for an Oktoberfest party that my wife and I hosted this fall. Easy to make and easy for guests to serve themselves. My wife is a brat "purist" so she didn't appreciate the extras, but I thought it was good and many of the guests commented that it was good also. I used a rich, malty German Oktoberfest beer in the recipe, not a cheap, light American lager.

Rating: 1
I followed this recipe exactly as written and my husband , who happens to love brats, gave this a two-thumbs-down rating. We both thought the butter only made the brats greasy, the onions didn't have much taste and the marinade was rather tasteless too. I think we'll stick to plain grilled brats or those just simmered in beer.