Rating: 3
'Gumbo' means okra, so if it doesn't have okra then its just a 'stew'

Rating: 4
This recipe is a family favorite. We substitute chicken thighs and kielbasa sausage for the duck. It probably doesn't taste the way Emeril intended, but we love it.

Rating: 1
For the amount of work and time involved this should have been much better than it was. It tasted floury, the duck really never got tender. I normally like Emeril's recipes, but there is something wrong with this one

Rating: 2
I make at least one Gumbo every year. I found this recipe too "roux" heavy. I would not add the vegetable oil and add only enough flour to make a good roux with the fat from the duck. I use a metal spatula, not a wooden spoon. I would adjust the spices to be more Paul Prudhomme style (leave out Emeril's Essence and add garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper, white pepper, and paprika), probably add at least 1/2 lb of Andouille sausage, and thicken with some File. I would also try it without the stout.

Rating: 2
The roux is time-consuming and a little dangerous with a wooden spoon. After searing the duck there were a lot of little bits stuck to the bottom of the pan and using a wooden spoon to deglaze it with hot oil is not a winning method - ouch! The oil splatters every time the spoon catches - wear gloves or switch to a long metal whisk instead. To my taste, Emeril's Essence gave it a sort of funky flavor - I'd use my own combo of spices next time. But the duck and chanterelles (plentiful here now) make the dish. This is better the next day (and the one after that).

Rating: 4
This was my first experience cooking duck, so I was hesitant. I was concerned that the duck would over-power the mushrooms. It didn't. I was worried that it would be greasy from the fat of the duck. It wasn't. I defatted it multiple times. This was so delicious. We had guests that evening and people who had never had duck before were begging for seconds. My children who dont normally eat soup were eating it. THis was a delightful recipe.