Rating: 4
Bravo! Just like my Italian Grandma used to make at Easter time. Beautiful to look at and mouth watering delicious. Excellent addition to your holiday breakfast or brunch. Have your guests spread orange marmalade or butter on top of each slice to make it complete. Brings back wonderful memories of aromatic yeast breads baking away in the oven. Yes, it is time consuming, but if you make sure to set aside an entire day for this culinary project, you won't be disappointed.

Rating: 1
This bread was the most difficult bread recipe I have ever tried to make. This shouldn't be on a website for Easter dinner menu's this is way, way too hard. The dough has to rise 6 times. And all in all- it wasn't as good as any panatone I have bought. It almost broke my Kitchen Aid stand mixer the dough was so wet and so thick. Using a dough hook didn't work with this. This was a bad idea for a holiday menu website that has people like me- semi novices- looking for a whole menu to cook. If you bought the book, I could see how you would have the interest to make this. But to find it on a website- made me think- ahh it's probably one of her easier recipes. Nope.

Rating: 4
very good. tastes like what you would get at an italian bakery - only without the really sugary crust. i had to lower the heat to 325 because the bottoms were burning. dark pans, gas oven.

Rating: 2
I made this bread for Easter this year because I recently married an Italian. Unfortunately he was not impressed and neither was I. This bread was OK, but nothing special and definitely not worth wasting an entire day on it! My mom makes a Polish Easter bread which takes half the time it does to make this one and tastes so much better. I also thought this bread was not very aromatic considering all the different essences which were included in it.

Rating: 4
How funny! I just made this yesterday only I just saw the recipe today. It was so nice to see this highlighted on Epicurious for Easter. I'm half Italian (my mother is full) and many of the traditions in our family are Italian. Making Easter bread is one of them. The traditional recipe that my family follows is almost the exact one they have here. We don't put any raisins but I'm not surprised they're included here since raisins are used in a lot of Italian cooking. We don't use any wine either, just rum. This really is a difficult bread to make but it's a wonderful tradition and delicious.