Rating: 3
This came out looking beautiful, just like the photo with not too much effort. The crust is crumbly, but any patching does cook together well. I added a tad more water to the top crust and it rolled out better. Also baked it in a 10" tart pan, doubling the recipe. This is not a dessert for the real "sweet of tooth", it is quite a sophisticated blend of flavors, I found the combination wonderful.

Rating: 1
I made this for a Moroccan dinner and it was pretty tasteless. Nobody finished the very small portions I served.

Rating: 4
This was an absolute hit. For our annual Christmas dinner with a close group of friends we decided on a Morrocan theme. The fig tart was loved by all, the orange slices a refreshing accompaniment, and the orange cream delicious. Yes, the pastry was fragile, but worth the effort. I loved the whole process. The fig/orange blossom filling perfect.

Rating: 4
I thought this was delicious. Please don't play with the pastry as the other reviewers suggest. Yes, it's difficult to handle but roll it out between 2 layers of cling film or wax paper. It may still break but you can patch as necessary. Trust me, it's too delicious to adulterate! I thought the filling was very inspired - the combination of orange blossom water, figs and sesame was just lovely and quite different to anything I've had before. I'm having a "Moroccan Madness" dinner party in a few weeks and it's the first item to go on the menu - I've yet to decide the others.

Rating: 3
After reading first review, I added 2 tablespoons of orange zest to filling, and substituted pistachioes for the sesame seeds in the filleing. Chaanged the crust to use only 1 egg and some buttermilk to make a firmer crust. That helped a lot and made a tasty tart.

Rating: 2
I thought this sounded so delicious but was dissapointed. The recipe says the dough is fragile: understatement! Once rolled out, it is impossible to lift without tearing into a million pieces. Why bother rolling? I'd grate the dough in the pan and press it in. I have no solutions for the top other than fitting it together like puzzle pieces as the recipe states. The filling was just ok and the cream was fabulous. I wouldn't go through the trouble of making it again.