Rating: 1
This sounded good and had some good components, but just didn't come together. Very disappointed with the presentation. Won't be making again.

Rating: 3
Made this for an Easter dinner at friends, everyone loved it and asked for the recipe. My only problem was with the frosting that would not hold stiff peaks so ended up adding more gelatin which really didn't help and made it kind of a grainy texure but no one could tell but me. It did not make a lot of frosting so just piped rosettes on top. Look like it came from a bakery.

Rating: 4
While this is not difficult to make, it does take some time, so start a few days ahead. The flavors are refreshing and the presentation is beautiful. It's not overly sweet, which is another plus. Just made this for Easter and everyone LOVED it! Tip: Don't make your merinque shells the full diameter of the bottom of the spring form pan, and you won't have to trim them and run the risk of them breaking.

Rating: 3
I made this for a Christmas party and it was well received. I wanted to fill a 10" springform pan, so increased the meringue to 6 egg whites and 1.5 cups granulated sugar, and doubled the filling and frosting ingredients, as I like to have plenty to work with. Do wrap meringue well, after it cools. I left the rounds overnight on parchment, covered with a towel and they looked fine; but when I tried to remove them the next day, they had softened on the underside and were very difficult to peel off the parchment. I substituted frozen raspberries for the strawberries due to availability at the time. The frosting is delicious, especially adding the sour cream. I have since used this with other desserts, but did add more powdered sugar and would recommend adding, to taste. I had some leftover frosting which I used the next day for another dessert - it piped well, without remixing, due to the gelatin which stabalizes it. My daughter would like a wedding cake using this frosting. I had to use a regular 10 x 3" deep cake pan as my springform had another dessert in it. By oiling the pan and lining it with plastic wrap (overlapped), I had no trouble removing the dessert from the pan. Also, because we were at a large gathering with other desserts, it sat out during the meal for much longer than the "3o minutes before serving" and survived well...... until eaten with haste .... nothing left.

Rating: 4
What a fantastic dessert for people you really love...excellent finish to Easter Dinner, and worth the effort (although it wasn't too tough to make at all)

Rating: 2
This dish had a nice and refreshing taste to it. Very enjoyable dish to make and share with others.