Rating: 0
How is this considered a "gallette"? Did I miss something?

Rating: 3
Very very good. We both enjoyed the crabcakes... but with some changes in the recipe and menu based on others' feeback. Decided to skip the soup; or rather substitute it with another already made. Modified the crab cakes based on number of servings, what seemed right, and our traditional crab cake recipe. Very roughly, for four Very Well-sized cakes (ate two, left two): Peppers (red, green), Scallions and Celery: total 1 Cup finely diced & sauteed; hold. In a bowl, 1 egg, 2-3T reg Mayo, 1-2T Dijon, 1/2 C Plain Bread Crumbs, Salt, Pepper, Paprika. Mix well. Mix in 1/2 lb Jumbo Crab. Let rest (soak up bread crumbs) Make cakes, following recipe (using far less eggs for this serving amount). I made 4 cakes - should have made it 6. Thing to know: by the time you're "dipping" cakes in the sweet potatoes, you've got a huge gloppy mess. Not to worry (plenty of wax paper). The coating will be 1/2" or so thick it seems. Put it in the fridge 30+minutes (I was running late and used the freezer) and pat them down into patties. When you cook them (keep the oil just right) the sweet potato shrinks down and crisps up so nicely. Cook med- low, then low and finish at med; all slowly enough so that it is hot and crispy but doesn't burn. 5 + 5 + 3 + 3 minutes or so. That's about it. Served with twice- roasted potato wedges. Did a simple mayo / cocktail sauce on the side... but forgot it. Didn't matter; was scrumptious.

Rating: 0
Alternate: Bake crabcakes at 350 for 30-50 minutes (time varies depending on size)

Rating: 2
Unless you have all day, don't even attempt these. I made the recipe almost exactly as printed, but added some breadcrumbs into the crab cake mixture to add some firmness. Even with the breadcrumbs, I agree with the previous review that the amount of moisture just became a problem. I made these for a dinner party and although everyone else seemed to enjoy them, I wasn't impressed and won't waste the effort next time.

Rating: 2
This couldn't be much harder to make...maybe 3-4 hours following this recipe. Following the initial recipe for the crabcakes, the consistency was also way too soft without modifications (adding flour and breadcrumbs). In addition cutting 6 or so peppers in fine pieces takes a long time. Having to bread this and coat with grated potatoes is also way too complicated for the average chef. The accompanying soup is ok but really esthetically lacking (dark green) and nothing better than relatively tasty. All in all not a recipe to recommend to anyone with time constraints/or without certain modifications. The combibnation of flavors for the crabcakes are on the other hand wellmeshed and deserve an honoable mention at least.... Not a recipe I would use again without serious modifications.