Rating: 0
The cook from Melbourne FL is right about the typo--it's a fatal flaw in the recipe, making the cream impossible to work with. Use 1 1/4 cups of scalded milk instead of just 1/4 cup. I salvaged the cream by adding the additional hot milk and it turned out delicious. Great mix of textures between the "toothiness" of the poached pears, the softness of the cream, and the unique character of the crust containing the chopped nuts. I'd recommend to those who didn't have success with this to try it again with the right amount of milk. It's really good and worth the effort!

Rating: 1
This sounded so good . . . and looked so good . . . but tasted so . . . well, not like anything really, so much as perhaps slightly gingery spackle. It was a lot of work, with three of my favorite flavors, but the result was, frankly, nasty. After the first serving, I left it in the fridge for a week and then threw it out. I had never, ever thrown out a dessert before, but I couldn't bring myself to waste the calories on this.

Rating: 2
The shell and pears were great but the pastry cream was a disaster and I followed the directions exactly; I found it very difficult to work with and only managed to salvage it by adding it to a package of vanilla custard mix. The recipe needs to be revised; way too much ginger; I used only 1 teaspoon and thought that was way too much.

Rating: 3
Great combination of flavors. I also added about a cup of extra milk. I also used pate sucree rather than this crust, because I had some in the house. I will make this again with the recipe's walnut crust. It convinced a sceptical fiance about what he considered a bizarre sounding dessert. It was a perfect ending after a spinach salad and veal with mushroom sauce (also on this site). I will be serving the same menu for a dinner party soon.

Rating: 0
Looks like a typo on the amount of milk in the butterscotch cream; should be 1 and 1/4 cups; not 1/4 cup. Don't see how you could use 3 eggs and 2 Tablespoons flour with just 1/4 cup milk.

Rating: 4
This dessert has a great "sugar & spice" flavor, with the creamy butterscotch playing off of the ginger and cinnamon. I sliced the pears thin and fanned them out over the custard upside-down-cake-style. It was a huge hit and will be made again.