Rating: 4
My sister-in-law brought it to a party I was having featuring homemade ice creams. This was fantastic and everyone raved about it. I can't wait to make it again.

Rating: 1
I've had Guinness ice cream before from a small ice cream stand and loved it, but I don't think this recipe lives up to its name. All of the milks in the recipe are either evaporated or condensed, whereas more traditional ice creams use cream. The lack of milk fat results in a somewhat icy, less creamy, ice cream, and there's a distinctive evaporated milk taste. Next time, I'll start with a more traditional ice cream recipe and adapt it to use Guinness.

Rating: 0
Just a thought for those of you without ice cream makers - for fun, I have tried pouring a bit of stout over vanilla ice cream - delicious, does not taste like beer, and MUCH easier!

Rating: 2
I thought recipe sounded fun and interesting, what kind of taste do you get from guinness ice cream? Sadly, it turned out pretty foul. I love guinness, but the grainy consistency combined with a bad beer aftertaste (how can something so good to drink get such a bad aftertaste when used in ice cream??) made it barely edible.

Rating: 3
A big hit with my 77-year old father and elderly neighbors. A distinctive flavor without being overwhelmingly yeast-y or beer-y. Replaced evaporated milk's sourness with a bit of cream and remainder of H&H. With all the sugar in sweetened condensed milk, omitted the 1/2 cup sugar entirely and didn't miss it in the least. Gained the ice crystal-consistency of Canadian ice milk. Yummy, will definitely repeat, probably in winter with gingerbread.

Rating: 4
Tried this recipe on 8 fellow guinness workers, and all gave it a thumbs up!

Rating: 3
Divine. I used heavy whipping cream instead of the called-for evaporated milk because I don't really like "ice cream" made with evaporated milk. This worked fine. I would double the recipe next time because it didn't quite make a full quart. I served this ice cream with the Gramercy Tavern Gingerbread (also in Epicurious recipe files), which was a great match. This ice cream has a rich stout flavor -- yeasty and malty -- which is quite mysterious. Make the ice cream and don't tell anyone what it is, then make them guess the flavor! Very nice flavor.

Rating: 4
This was the perfect treat for my St. Patrick's Day dinner party. I topped it with whipping cream spiked with Irish creme liqueur. Everyone loved it! The flavor's really very interesting. It's only a bit reminiscent of beer.