Rating: 0
Yeah, yeah, always read the recipe all the way through, but when I'm using the ipod app I need all the help I can get. It would be better if the first paragraph ended with "set aside." But I continued, making my meringue with just the egg whites and 1/4 cup of powdered sugar, and received compliments.

Rating: 1
I had great hopes for this recipe because it sounded good and I had fabulous results with this cook's other dessert recipe - the chocolate meringue cake - from the same issue. However, I found the dessert way too sweet for my taste. The dough was a bit too skimpy for the recommended pan size so I used a smaller one. Since it was difficult to spread, I would recommend chilling the dough for awhile. Finally, I thought that the meringue top looked too plain -- a bit of sprinkled powdered sugar would improve the appearance.

Rating: 2
This was way to sweet and rather sticky, not much of a bar cookie. Mightbe a lot better with a tangy marmelade and maybe pecans, but I don't think it's worth the effort.

Rating: 3
Quick and easy. My "no nuts please" family enjoyed these just fine. I used pecans in place of hazelnuts. The tartness of the apricots was set off nicely with the sweet shortbread. I'll try a berry flavor another time, or ginger peach. I wish I had read about the slicing hint - the meringue gets pretty crumbly.

Rating: 3
Great recipe, however I found that substituting Boysenberry preserves for the Apricot preserves yeilded a much tastier and eye appealing product.

Rating: 3
A little too sweet for me. Next time I will reduce the amount of sugar in the meringue to only 1/2 cup and use preserves with no added sugar

Rating: 3
I thought this recipe has great potential. I only had a 15x10x2 pan so the crust was a little skimpy so i would double the recipe since the crust is so good the more the better, just bake it for a little longer. Also I would make the crust first and then while its baking make the powdered sugar and nut mixture to save time. I didn't have hazelnuts in the house so I used almonds and it was just as good. Next time I will try spreading half apricot and half rasberry or any other kind of preserve. The other review was right in that you should refrigerate it and then cut it. I will definitley make this again.

Rating: 4
Wow these are different. Watch out that you use a good quality apricot and it's best to refrigerate, then cut into squares the next day. When they're warm they crumble a bit, but with ice cream... these are fabulous.