Rating: 0
I don''t understand why other reviewers said this was expensive to make. What was so expensive? The truffle oil? All of theother ingredients are fairly reasonably priced and I grow all of the herbs on my front porch. The bitterness of the raddichio should be tempered by the sweetness of the balsamic vingegar and by cooking it. Grilling is a good alternative. Since I usually only cook for two, I used one hen and split it. My grocer sells quail, too, so i might try it that way next time.

Rating: 1
Unfortunately, I am in accord with several of the previous reviewers: too much work, too expensive, doesn't really work. Somehow the elements don't really come together to make something special. On the unlikely chance that I would make it again: 1) I'd blend the marinade and put it under the skin or keep the birds whole and stuff the cavities; 2) I'd follow my instinct to grill the radiccio

Rating: 1
This was one of the worst recipes I have tried. The recipe is expensive and very time consuming. The Radicchio is very bitter as used and is totaly out of proportion to the game hens. There is nothing to do to fix this other than to not make the dish.

Rating: 4
I made these for a dinner party of 12 and they were a huge success. The sauce is amazing. My only concern was that I had to open all the windows and pray the smoke alarm didn't go off because of all the smoke. My guess is the high temp and occassional splatter were the culprits.

Rating: 3
This was delicious. I was afraid all the vinager in the reduction sauce would overwhelm the truffle oil. Although the truffle flavor didn't stand out, it had a subtle presence and the overall blend, shallots, lemon peel, was really wonderful. The herb marinade made the hens delicious. I hadn't used raddichio before and knew it had a bitter taste, but the stuff I got was really bitter. The kids couldn't eat it, my husband and I found we could enjoy it sparingly, but we threw a lot away knowing we wouldn't eat the leftovers. I only halved the hens and they were done in the time given in the recipe. If you quarter them it might need to shorten the cooking time.

Rating: 4
Took more time than I thought but worth the effort. The family loved it.