Rating: 0
just a note...."finom" means tasty, not fine in the sense of fine quality

Rating: 4
I needed a Hungarian recipe for my child's European culture bazaar at school and decided to give this a try despite the less than stellar reviews. These cookies are divine -- a cross between the lightness of a meringue and the chewiness of a macaroon. I doubled the recipe and made the cookies smaller (about 2 tsps of batter for each) so that I ended up with 100. I didn't have any problems with the time or oven temperature, but as with most cookies, it's probably necessary to make adjustments for the size and vagaries of each oven. My batches were done at 15 minutes. The flavor is incredible, and I got rave reviews from kids and parents.

Rating: 1
I was so disappointed because the time for this recipe is incorrect. I followed the recipe but the 20 minutes was much too long and all the bottoms of the first batch were burned. I cut it down to 15 minutes after that and the second batch was still burned. I cut it down to ten minutes after that and while a cookie or two may have been edible, it was still not quite right. While the bits and pieces that I salvaged tasted ok (and the one batch to which I added chocolate chips was very good), I lost alot of expensive ingredients and time and was pretty upset.

Rating: 3
Thank you, epicurious, for this recipe! My hungarian father always asks for these cookies, they're so light and delicious, they just melt away. To the cook wanting to use chocolate- I wouldn't recommend baking them with the chips. Melt some chocolate in a double boiler then dip the bottoms of the cookies once they're cool. Although they're just as good by themselves.......

Rating: 2
In case it isn't already obvious to you, these are meringues. That's not a commentary, just an observation so you don't think you're trying something unique. I had a hard time getting the right temp-time combo for these, and think it had to do with the brown sugar instead of regular.

Rating: 3
Next time I would be tempted to add a few chocolate chips. Chocolate and hazelnuts just seem to be great together. This recipe yielded about 3 dozen cookies when I made it. Very easy.