Rating: 4
This is a delicious recipe! Perhaps the best birthday cake ever! I did not find the cake to be eggy at all. I was little concerned that the frosting would come out eggy, since it has raw whites, but it wasn't. It was a delicious fluffy cloud of frosting! However, there were a recipe few imprefections: 1. I too found the filling to be too tart. I doubled the sugar and that helped a lot. 2. The frosting was too soft and never really firmed up like a typical cake frosting, so it puddled a bit around tha base of the cake. It tasted amazing, though, and even though it puddled a bit I still got good coverage on the top and sides. I made a 4-layer cake, with three layers of filling. I did a bottom layer of vanilla buttercream, a middle layer of a 50/50 mix of buttercream mixed with the lime curd filling, and one layer of just the lime curd. I chilled the fillings well between adding the layers, so they were able to set well. This way, the filling doesn't squish out when you add the top layers. Then I covered it all with the meringue frosting. YUM!

Rating: 2
I thought the cake itself was particularly dry. While this wasn't as big of a concern once the filling and frosting were on it, it was still disappointingly noticeable. I doubled the recipe for the frosting, thinking I'd layer it between the cake layers along with the lime curd. Big mistake...the cake began to slide shortly after it was assembled, and my only option was to stick a handful of bamboo skewers in to try and keep it together. I used a creme brulee torch to lightly toast the meringue all over once it was frosted, which made for a nice presentation (in spite of the bamboo skewers). I probably would not make this again due to the dry texture of the cake.

Rating: 0
This is a delicious cake. The lime curd was a spot on juxtaposition to the meringue frosting. So pretty it could be in a cake shop window. My guests raved!

Rating: 3
I used regular limes, and thought the curd was perfect. It's tart, but a good contrast with the frosting (which is a genius version of seven-minute frosting -- no hassle of beating it over heat, just dump the ingredients into the mixer). It's a great frosting, billowy and swirly and keeps well on the cake. The cake layers are yummy (the lime zest doesn't really come through, you could add more). All in all, this was a really successful recipe that made a beautiful birthday cake.

Rating: 2
I made the cake layers and the key lime curd, but not the meringue frosting. The cake was lovely - tender and flavorful. But the lime curd was unbelievably tart, so much so that once it was chilled and I tasted it again, I added 1/4c Splenda (I knew if I used sugar, it would just be crunchy) to the mixture so it wouldn't be so jaw- clenchingly tart. Yes, I love the tartness of key limes, but this was off the charts. Since I'm not much on meringue frostings, I used a cream cheese frosting and glad I did. It balanced the curd a bit - if you got the curd-to- frosting ratio accurate on the fork. If I ever make this again, I would increase the sweetener in the curd.