Rating: 4
I am rating this as 4 forks because it is better than many veggie-burgers I have made, which were usually quite bland. These, however, were not bland at all. The flavour of the herbs came through quite well and although I don't like sage very much, it seemed to complement this recipe very well. I was expecting the worst given the previous reviews, so I was fairly generous with the salt and pepper. I did not use corn flakes, but used only bread crumbs from some dry bread I put into the food processor to break up into crumbs. I also used a mixture of rice flour and coconut from a previous recipe instead of all-purpose flour. I did serve it with the miso gravy and it was great. My husband liked it too.

Rating: 3
The first time I made these and they were very bland, though somewhat improved by the gravy. My mother, though requested I make them for her so this time I added spinach like the previous poster but also substituted the hot sauce for this really great hot pepper and garlic sauce I found and it really did the trick. The almost creamy texture of the lentils nicely offset the heat from the paste and I'm always wild about spinach!

Rating: 3
In an effort to use up left overs in my fridge, I added spinach in place of some of the lentils, and more spice, and they came out really good. I've been eating them with pasta in place of meatballs. It's really yummy.

Rating: 1
I agree with Cook from Seattle. The only way I can imagine enjoying this is if it were actually deep fat-fried. The lentil "paste" used to form the croquettes was very bland. The croquettes were so dense that even the rather pleasant mustard-miso-mushroom gravy couldn't compensate. I even told my friends that I wouldn't be offended if they didn't eat theirs.

Rating: 2
I am re-reading the recipe and trying to figure it out: Where did I go wrong? These were bland, and my guests all stopped eating them after their first one. I couldn't blame them! It was very, very bland. The miso-mustard mushroom gravy did a lot to improve the flavor and liven them up, but these were NOT a hit. If I figure out what I did wrong, I'll post a follow up.

Rating: 4
This recipe is absolutely delicious (and hearty) special-occasion fare. I made it with the Mushroom-Miso-Mustard Gravy for a meat-eating crowd and everyone is still raving about it!