Rating: 3
I thought the taste was very good, but the recipe forgets to tell you want to do with the espresso powder. I put it into the melted chocolate and since it had a few larger pieces, those stayed large and didn't melt. It was time consuming, but very good tasting and a good concistency. I will figure out when to mix in the espresso later. I also doubled the recipe and it worked just fine.

Rating: 4
This is an excellent buttercream that I've made several times to much fanfare: The trick is patience (alot of it when adding tiny bits of butter at a time and waiting in between and thin streams of syrup) and a well calibrated candy thermometer. Oh, and use good quality chocolate. To calibrate your candy thermometer, boil water and look to see if the temp is 212 F. If not, add or subtract that difference for all your other recipes.

Rating: 3
Makes a decent Mocha buttercream, just make sure you follow the recipe and use unsalted butter. Another person found the chocolate clumped when added, when I melted the chocolate I added about 1 tbsp of butter to the mixture and it stayed fluid enough to mix into the frosting.

Rating: 0
I thought that i had made it before, but just now it came out horribly. i cut back on the salt, but accidentally used salted butter. It was soo salty! I looked at other buttercream recipes and i don't think that the salt is needed at all. i think that a lower temp for the syrup (240) is better.

Rating: 1
Preparing this according to the directions did not turn out well. The sugar syrup when poured down the side of the mixing bowl just hardened there and didn't mix in well. Better to have slowly poured it in the middle of the mixture while beating (checked my cake book - that's what Maida Haetter recommends!). The chocolate should be melted just before mixing it in with the plain buttercream, and shouldn't be allowed to completely cool, or it is too hardened to mix in and you'll end up with chocolate chip buttercream! I won't use this recipe again.