Rating: 0
I have ordered many monte cristo sandwiches in many places. My description of a monte cristo sandwich would be french toast stuffed with turkey, ham and cheese, dipped in egg and fried on a grill. Most of the monte cristo sandwiches I have ordered have been served red currant jelly and dusted with icing (confectioner's) sugar. I have NEVER had a monte cristo which included any sort of greens and in a restaurant, rarely does it contain any sort of mustard, although that seems like a good addition. I was looking for a recipe just to get ideas, but would use this particular recipe only as a starting point.

Rating: 2
Sorry, Salt Lake City, but **three** of you have it wrong. You've all mentioned only the regional variations, but the original doesn't include turkey or chicken, nor does it use a beer batter -- just ham and either Swiss or Gruyere cheese. A Monte Cristo is indeed a kind of French toast sandwich, specifically a cross between a croque monsieur (from which it is descended) and French toast -- like a croque monsieur that's been dipped in egg batter and fried. And the deep-fried version (ugh - too greasy and heavy!) came from the Blue Bayou restaurant at Disneyland during the 1960s, even though the sandwich had already been in existence here in the U.S. since the 1920s. Here's the citation for a history of the Monte Cristo: http://whatscookingamerica.net/History/Sandwiches/MonteCristoSandwich.htm

Rating: 4
I've never seen a Monte Cristo recipe that calls for a beer batter dip. Just sayin'...

Rating: 3
In response to A Cook's comment. Whilst I suppose you are technically correct from a traditional perspective. Cooking and/or the preparation of food is not only about the recipe, it's about being creative. If all we did was follow what has already been presented we wouldn't need websites like this (wonderful) one. Additionally if you aren't going to try it, don't comment on it as your opinion makes you sound like a very bitter (pun intended) person. I personally recommend this recipe and do use your favorite jam.

Rating: 0
I have not actually tried this "Monte Cristo" but I have to say. Its NOT a Monte Cristo!!!! It's a french toast sandwich! Monte Cristo's are made with a beer batter dip, triple bread layered ham, turkey, swiss deep fried sandwich served with a plumb or raspberry jam sauce.

Rating: 3
I add thinnly sliced and lightly salted/peppered tomatoes, thin slices of red onion, and ground sage and dried rosemary to the egg. A good way to make a sandwich with lots of variations and possiblities.