Rating: 0
Its a "fair" recipe... but kind of a cheat from the original. think of it as making Bolagnese sauce starting from Ragu.... Look for La Pastiera Napoletana you'll get the traditional recipe

Rating: 0
Every Easter season I come here online to consider making this pie. I have not--but may I say, I eat wheatberries as a hot breakfast meal, with milk and honey, so for those of you who will make this pie this Easter, or those that make it traditionally, this is what I do; before i go to bed,i put wheatberries into my thermos bottle and pour boiling water into it. Close lid. In morning I am ready to enjoy my fully cooked, soft wheat berry cereal. I place a strainer over my dish pan, to catch the berries, and put the water on my plants. everyone is happy. Saves energy--a good thing!! Happy Easter--He rose!!

Rating: 0
I have not made this recipe, but it is a tradition at Easter in my family. I have a suggestion for those who do not like citron or candied fruit: We use maraschino cherries and chocolate chips instead. It is wonderful that way.

Rating: 2
I have made this receipe a few times each time hoping it gets better so far yes. The changes that I make from the original receipe is using more wheat berries about 2 cups. I also soak the wheat berries for at least 24 hours. I also simmer the wheat berries for almost 3 hours* and I add a little milk and sugar during the last hour. *I simmer until the berries no longer feel hard but are soft and light. Important to buy the right kind of ricotta. It should be fresh and purchased from an Italian Deli or grocery store for the best quality. Their are two types one for desserts and one for pasta dishes. I also do not have the time to make the dough and I just buy pilsbury pie crust (the soft type) not from the frozen section.

Rating: 1
There's not nearly enough flavoring in this recipe. Try using 1/4 cup chopped citron, 1/4 cup chopped glace fruit and 1/4 cup chopped orange peel. Yum Yum. Try the Polly-O recipe for this pie and you'll never go back!!!

Rating: 4
I increased the flavorings but other than that everybody was fighting for another piece

Rating: 4
x

Rating: 3
I thought the pie was delicious but needs improvement and I'm not sure if I did something incorrectly. I followed the recipe with the exception of the citron which I could not find anywhere.Would make this again to see if I made any errors the first time around. Filling didn't seem to be dense enough..very fall-apart and almost crumbly. I used ricotta that was in the tin can( with the holes in the side to let the moisture out) thinking this would make a better pie, perhaps a regular store brand like a Poly-O or Maggio would have produced a different filling. It was a very good pie but I was hoping for"Outstanding"..I'd like to know if anyone else had this problem.