Rating: 0
So how long should this cod simmer?!?

Rating: 4
This is one of those recipes that I wish I had had when the kids were little. I wasn't raised on fish, and so regretfully it wasn't a weekly menu item. This would have been my way of doing the fish and chips version. It is the exact recipe of my regular latkes, take out bacon and add the celery seed/salt and the cod. I don't soak the potatoes, just grate them coarsely, then mix the eggs/ flour /spices paste into the potatoes with your hands. I purchased the cheaper frozen block of cod, defrosted in a pan of milk (takes the fishyness away) and then gently simmered it in boiling - simmer water till flakey. Gently stir in the flaked drained cod. cook as in recipe. The cakes served on a bed of shredded lettuce with the tartar sauce,(or ketchup for the munchkins) amazing!!!! (with the regular latkes, serve on shredded lettuce with finely chopped tomatoes and sour cream-long time family favourite for any meal.)

Rating: 2
I read the recipe and the review. I changed it. I used corn and not so much potato. I got rid of the celery salt and seed. I used fresh celery. My wife loved them. She spent her summers in Cape Cod as a child and she thought I captured some of that flavor.

Rating: 2
I made this using all the ingredients but I cut back on the amount of potatoes. Just before I put the batter in the frying pan, I tasted it and all I could taste was the celery seed and potatoes. I couldn't taste the cod. So, I added dill, lots of black pepper, regular salt and a fair amount of lemon juice. I was able to curb the overpowering potato/celery flavor and it was ok in the end - still not great. I used to eat Cod cakes from Marks and Spencers in England and if you ever have eaten these, they are to die for. I don't know if potatoes were used to make them, but there was definitely a higher percentage of cod - cod was the dominant flavor. I probably would not make this recipe again without changing it significantly.

Rating: 4
didn't use the celery seeds or salt, but substituted whatever herbs I had. Came out great! Also excellent with applesauce.

Rating: 3
I randomly decided to make these at the last minute, and left out the celery stuff, but added some paprika, parsley, and garlic powder, and they were yummy! I think they'd be just as good not fried, but i'm not sure if they'd stay together. They were good with ketchup, so that went over well with my boyfriend!