Rating: 0
Enjoy this receipe. The fruit I use are from a local farmstand, dried cranberries, goldens and thompson raisins, dried cherries, and I use lemon and orange zest instead of candied. Sometimes I've used a 1/2 tsp. of carmadon...I don't buy molds, I use small paper bags that I fold over, butter and free from local convenience store...tie raffia around them and they are so cute. I used my mother's english round fruitcake pan from England and found another online from an English import store. Makes beautiful round tall loafs. What I use for the top is before they go into the oven, I brush with an egg wash and sprinkle generously with dehydrated maple syrup and slivered almonds. This makes a delicious and beautiful top.

Rating: 0
Just a note...you can get the paper molds from www.kingarthurflour.com. They are just the same size as a large roll of paper towels, which I used to reshape them after shipping. There are 12 in a packet.

Rating: 2
I second the all day comment. This recipe is very similar to the brioche in Julie Child MAoFC and if I had to do it over I would follow her directions for timing, kneading by hand etc. Got papers at Fantes in Philly and candied own fruit peel (yummy). Results were very good but dough took an extremely long time to rise.

Rating: 3
OK, first of all: what I eventually came up with was delicious. Amazingly so: moist, sweet and yeasty. Yum. However, I felt that the recipe wasn't for everyone. As a veteran bread-maker, and one who makes bread by hand (I don't have one of those fancy stand-up mixers) there were several stages where i feared I had totally screwed up: the consistency of the dough went from too dry to too wet to grainy (it seems odd to add the sugar in at the end). Also, I couldn't imagine how I was supposed to add the butter in, so I just had to melt it, which is probably what you're supposed to do. I used candied pineapple with the golden raisins because of three stores I checked, none had the candied lemon and orange peel, which I thought was strange... I remember making fruitcake and being able to get these ingredients at the supermarket! Anyway... it worked. It's delicious. It did, however, take ALL DAY to make: I thought I was getting a head start at ten AM, but at midnight when I was waiting for the loaves to cool so I could wrap them I was wishing I'd started earlier! Finally, the paper molds were almost impossible to find. You can get them online, but only in bulk and there is a three-week waiting time. I lucked out and got them from the culinary institute here; they were generously given to me for free! I'll make this again, because the results were amazing. But I wish the recipe had been written with more care and I'll definitely feel more comfortable knowing that all the weird stages the dough went through are just part of the process.