Rating: 0
This PB Cookie Mousse Cake is really tasty and quick to fix! It's easy too. If you ever made a cheesecake or flourless torte you have all the skills you need. I think most of the challenges mentioned by other reviews can be avoided by making sure your ingredients for the mousse are at room temperature, and that you make sure your ganache is the right consistency (Ganache should always be pourable -- if you have to "spread" the ganache it is TOO THICK.) Enjoy!

Rating: 3
also thought the crust was impossible. needs revision. but great taste. how could it not be?!

Rating: 4
This recipe was FABULOUS! I agree with the other reviews. Ths crust does not seem to want to stay when the chocolate ganache is being spread over it. I also think doubling the chocoalte ganache would also help in the end result. The presentation is not 'picture' perfect.The flavor is 'Sinfully' good if your a peanut butter fan.

Rating: 3
I too had trouble with the crust and I used the Girl Scout cookies. I believe that I would double the ganache the next time - layering the crumbs between chocolate for the first layer. Perhaps if you put a thin layer of chocolate on the bottom, then the crumbs and let it cool before layering the next level of chocolate it would be stronger. I would definitely use more chocolate for the middle layer. Spreading it around was difficult because I felt I didn't have quite enough and I was skimping to be sure I had plenty for the top of the cake. I made this for a crowd and it was a great hit. The taste is out of this world.

Rating: 2
I have a mixed review of this recipe. The taste was out of this world - very sinful! However, I had a problem with the crust/cake part. The recipe said to process a package of G.S. peanut butter sandwich cookies. I substituted a package of Nutter Butters. Although it tasted fine, there was no "glue" to hold the crumbs together. I spread the ganache on top, but it was a real mess. I'd make this again, but I'd try to actual Girl Scout cookies, or mix in a little melted butter with the crumbs. Although the presentation was a flop, the taste made up for it, which is why I'd take another shot at it.