Rating: 0
Add A Note This is my mother's recipe - and it's completely wrong! If made this way, I think it would be revolting! Here are the corrections which will make this a tasty and authentic Spanish Gypsy dish. No substitutions are really possible, honestly! 1 (ONE) Italian Pepper - these are paler and smaller than bell peppers, with a more mild flavor. You should be able to find them. If you MUST use a bell pepper, only use about half! 1 (ONE) medium tomato (NOT one and a half POUNDS!) #3 OR #4 NOODLES. DO NOT USE PASTA NESTS! These are too fine and will turn to mush! Do not use spaghetti as my mother says it tastes different and has a different consistency. You CAN buy small noodles, similar in width to spaghetti and about 1-1/2 to 2 inches long. A brand I know is Pennsylvania Dutch noodles. I've bought them. Technically, this dish contains no saffron. It's made with something called Azafran Colorante - saffron COLORING which is used to color rice dishes yellow but has no flavoring. I believe GOYA foods makes it. This is a popular brand of hispanic foods and seasonings sold in most supermarkets in the "international foods" or "hispanic foods" aisle. Adding saffron will give this dish an unwanted flavor. My mother says if you can't find the saffron seasoning (or yellow coloring) use a couple of drops of yellow food coloring instead. 1-3/4 -2 POUNDS of potatoes. Amount listed is too little. This is a potato stew! The finished dish should be slightly yellow and not like soup - it's a stew! Good luck and I hope someone who already made this will try it again the right way. So much tomato - ugh! What a mix up!

Rating: 3
Are the eggs meant to come out soft-boiled, or did I need to keep them in the stew for a longer period of time?

Rating: 2
First, to the cook in Seattle, Italian frying peppers are the long skinny ones, usually lighter in color. They have thinner walls than green bell peppers and a milder flavor. I think I'd substitute green cabbage in this dish rather than green bell pepper. This would make a nice side dish, but as a dinner it was a little too "comforting". No challenging flavors. You could add lots of chopped coriander or chunks of spicy ham or sausage...but then it wouldn't be the same dish. Also, watch the pasta cooking time. I added the eggs and the noodles at the same time - I think an extra 10 minutes on the noodles would have been really mushy.

Rating: 0
Sorry, I haven't tried the recipe yet, but what are Italian green frying peppers? Will regular green peppers work?

Rating: 4
This was really good - like comfort too. The only substitution that I made was vegetable broth instead of the chicken. My Mexican pal raved about it - saying it was like something her Mother made. The flavors meshed well together and they each remained distinct.

Rating: 3
I am surprised that I am the first to review this wonderful and unusual dish. And one from a "new cuisine" for me. I followed the recipe exactly (no improvizations or "improvements") and was delighted with the result. All my guests had seconds. Crusty bread, a simple green salad and a rioja complement the dish perfectly. Try it! (Do use authentic fideos if at all possible.)