Rating: 2
This is good... but not really a showstopper. I plan to make the Pumpkin Semifreddo instead because for the level of effort it is more impressive. Besides, pumpkin pie is so commodity right now! I will bring Epicurious' pumpkin cheesecake to my Thanksgiving dinner and then I will buy one, I love the website www.ilovepumpkins.com and they even rate the pies.

Rating: 3
Pie is not overly sweet, which allows pumpkin flavor to come through. Suggest increasing the spices (and adding tiny amount of vanilla extract) for added flavor.

Rating: 4
By Far the best pumpkin pie I've ever made. I did not make the topping, however, I just used whipped cream with a bit of sugar and I used fresh roasted pumpkin vs. canned.

Rating: 1
What a waste of ingredients. Buy a generic brand pie from the supermarket... omit the flavor, let it defrost, place it under the sink and saturate it with water and let it soak, drain, blot with paper towels.... it will taste better than the recipe listed.

Rating: 1
Terrible, will never make again

Rating: 1
This recipe was too bland and tasteless. I was away from home (and therefore my own recipe) and decided to give this a try. My recipe calls for 1 tsp of cinnamon and 1/2 tsp of the other 3 spices as opposed to 1/4 tsp. My recipe is great this is not because there are not enough spices in it. As for the other reviews, I can't believe you are judging it based on fat content. For god sake if you are trying to eat less fat avoid pie all together and go for fruit salad or fruit crisp.

Rating: 0
The miniscule amount of salt in the pastry is not an issue for a cardiac diet, but the eggs, heavy cream and sour cream in the pie would certainly make it inappropriate for anyone needing to exercise caution for their heart!

Rating: 3
My father is on a restricted diet (heart attack) and so I was faced with a dilemma of making something delicious, yet safe.....he loved this pie so much that he ate the filling (no pastry - too much salt)on half the pie. The rest of us loved it just the way it is.