Rating: 0
I can't say I really care whether this recipe is authentic or not. I wanted to try since it is one of the only lobster taco recipes on any reputable cooking website. Unfortunately, I can't say I really liked this. While individually, the butter broiled lobster, garlic rice and pear salsa are excellent, the end result - all rolled into a taco - doesn't really take off. I suggest finding a simpler recipe that will better compliment the lobster.

Rating: 1
This is NOT Puerto Nuevo Lobster. The real recipe involves frying the Lobster in Lard. And served with refried beans, Mexican rice, and Flour Tortillas. You can skip the lard and use Olive oil and you would still have real Puerto Nuevo Lobster. And please, please, forget about the Pear salsa, its just a no no with Puerto Nuevo Lobster.

Rating: 2
This lobster is available live in southern California, northern Baja and Southern Baja. Though the way it is prepared is a little unclear my experience is that the flavor of the fried lobster comes from using lard and not peanut oil.

Rating: 0
Puerto Nuevo-style refers to the method of cooking, I believe, not the type of lobster. In Puerto Nuevo, the specialty is Pacific lobster fried in peanut oil. They split the lobster in half, fry it, then serve the body filled with black beans. It is yummy! Just don't have your cholesterol checked after eating!

Rating: 4
Pacific spiny lobsters do not have claws like their Atlantic cousins and are sold frozen only. Although their wonderful flavor is best when they are fresh, they do not live long enough out of their warm-water habitat to sell that way. If you are truly interested in trying some fresh spiny lobster, check out www.farm-2-market.com. They can get them from cooler waters where they will survive the trip live. They generally have larger, sweeter tails than Atlantic lobsters - I've also seen them called "Australian Lobster" in restaurants.

Rating: 3
This dish was fantastic...deliciouso......

Rating: 3
This was a good dish. A good change for lobster (not just boiled) The pear salsa was also a nice change. I served with creamed poblano chilies and romaine salad with chipotle dressing.

Rating: 3
Nice recipe. The pear salsa is a nice change from the usual tropical fruit-based varieties. One thing puzzled me though...I looked and looked, but could find no claws on my Pacific spiny lobsters (grin). Maybe the author knows where they are?