Rating: 0
The cook from Orlando, Florida is indeed correct. I bought some chicory the other day, never having had it before. This recipe looks simple, but I was confused because people are referring to it as "greens." My chicory is white! It turns out it's actually Belgian endive. So I'm off to look for recipes for that now. If it weren't for Orlando, Florida, I wouldn't have known this.

Rating: 1
I didn't like this recipe because the texture was terrible to me like cooked lettuce, a little slimey. I didn' like the mouthfeel of it. I won't be using this recipe again.

Rating: 4
I believe the cook from 'Orlando Florida' is mistaken, 'Chicory' is a specific herb, here is some info gleaned from 'about com.' "If you live in the US, you have more than likely seen this bright blue flowered, slightly scraggly looking herb. It grows in every part of the country, and has become so common that many of us don't even notice it along the roadside. Chicory deserves more respect than it is given however. One of the oldest known herbal writings from the first century even mentions it. Brought to the colonies and then naturalized throughout the country, chicory is an herb that offers a bright spot in the garden, a delicious root for roasting and making a warming beverage, a delicious green for our salads and fodder for livestock." from About com. I'm personally so happy to find out I can use this recipe here for Chicory & prepare it in the same way I prepare brocolli rabe or Musturd greens etc. Yum!

Rating: 3
I must confess that I left out the red pepper because my husband does not enjoy heat. Being from the South, though, he does like greens and this recipe is a keeper. The chicory was barely bitter, just that little bit of tang that makes it special. Cooking times are accurate for mature chicory but a 5 min. boil was a bit too long for the younger leaves. Would work well with other greens, too.

Rating: 0
Chicory is a group of greens - depending on where you are from. It could be: Endive,curly endive,Radicchio, Sugarloaf, Belgian endive, and escarole. So what is this recipe?