Rating: 0
I substituted freshly cured anchovies for the sardines and it was awesome!

Rating: 2
The concept has promise - but needs a bunch of fresh parsley, a little bit of chili flake, capers more lemon juice, and some time to marinate.

Rating: 1
Meh... I love "fishy" and did not think the sardine flavor stood out enough. This is quite a blah concoction absolutely unfit for company. More capers and lemon juice were the only things that rescued the recipe from getting 0 forks.

Rating: 4
It was so easy to make. The flavors blended well together and on a piece of crostini it presented beautifully.

Rating: 1
All of the ingredients (except the bread) are exceptionally good for your health. Unfortunately, this seems to be a good traditional recipe with a twist gone wrong. There is something unsettling about the texture of mashed up beans that have the flavor of sardines. This preparation also seems to accentuate the fishy flavor. I wouldn't want to mask the sardines, but the mashed beans mask all their notes except fishy. Perhaps a better preparation of these ingredients would be an arugula salad composed of the same ingredients. You could still flake the sardines while tossing, if you left the beans whole. The bread could be omitted or made into croutons. Either way, if you make this, DON'T omit a peppery delicate green; It's the only element that stands up to the fish. Also DO make sure to either marinate the beans or add salt just shy of being too salty (mine were unsalted so use caution).

Rating: 3
This recipe reminds me of an appetizer I had at an Italian restaurant in Glenwood, CO with a few changes. At the restaurant the beans were left whole and placed in a soup plate with large chunks of sardines, roasted red bell peppers, and sauteed onion and garlic on top. It was drizzled with lemon, garlic, and olive oil. Served with toasted bread. It sounded somewhat odd but I ordered it anyway and WOW! was it good. Very authenic to Northern Italy.

Rating: 4
I thought this was great...much better than hummus, which really looks gross. So, don't be put off by the other review.

Rating: 1
Essendo toscano, mi e' interessata questa ricetta, anche se mi sia sembrata un po' strana. Francamente parlando, e' SCHIFOSA! Non fare questa ricetta--non vale la pena. Being from Toscany (land of the bean-eaters), this recipe seemed interesting to me, even if I thought the combination sounded a bit strange. Honestly, it was really gross. Disgusting, I would say. It looked bad, and tasted worse. Don't make it, it's not worth it!