Rating: 0
The reason the potatoes don't brown is because of the water in them. You must shred the potatoes and then squeeze the liquid out. Heat up a good bit of olive oil on med.high or on high and fry the hash. Don't mess with them, just let them fry for about 5 or so minutes, then turn them and let the other side fry. The only other way to brown sweet potatoes, I've found, is in the oven. And I coat them with olive oil and a thin stream of molasses. It caramelizes nicely. Hope this helps.

Rating: 3
have made this a couple times, most time consuming part is the prep. For those who had trouble getting potatoes to cook: make sure the cubes are not too large and you MUST cook with lid on pan and leave it alone for at least 10 minutes, stir, put lid on again and cook a bit more. My potatoes browned, don't be afraid to raise the heat a bit. I used both hot and cold smoked salmon to give two different textures and flavors.

Rating: 3
Its been 3 years since we made this so I don't remember all the details. But we loved it. I was really suprised about all the other negative reviews. I suspect it took much more than 10 minutes to saute the potatoes probably more like 30, but just taste as you go. The only reason we don't make it more often is we don't buy sweet potatoes that often.

Rating: 2
To make the yams easier to work with, I first microwaved them for 5min. This helped shorten the cooking time and made them a bit softed for cubing. My never brown either. I placed the mixture in an 8inch round pan for baking and served it in pie style wedges. Very flavorfull, but a lot of work. Make this the day before.

Rating: 1
I think there is something wrong with this recipe. I followed it precisely, but the yams didn't cook at all and I ended up throwing everything away and running out to a deli to pick up a side dish to replace it right before my company arrived. It was really a disaster! Is the yam supposed to be boiled before it is pan sauteed? I diced up raw, uncooked yam, which is how I read the recipe, and it took FOREVER to cook and never browned. It sounded so good and there was a good review posted, but this turned out to be a real nightmare recipe for me.

Rating: 3
Really nice brunch recipe. I had a gigantic piece of smoked salmon, so I doubled the salmon in the recipe. Feel no compulsion to serve in small ramikins. I made the dish the night before my brunch and reheated as my french toast creme brulee baked. I'll make again.