Rating: 3
I really wish there was an option to give 3.5 forks, because it's better than just delicious, but not a total 4 fork experience. This is a very time consuming recipe, which I wouldn't mind if the taste just blew me away or something. It is quite wonderful, don't get me wrong. Easy? No, have to disagree with that. Skinning the pistachios was tedious, poaching the egg whites in milk was probably the hardest part. I would suggest only doing 2 or 3 small ones to begin; the milk didn't really stay simmering like I thought it would, but it was plenty hot enough to poach and did a fine job. I put too many in at first and it got very foamy--had to pull of the heat a few times to control. After that batch, however, there was no more issue with the foaminess. The custard takes time; need patience to get this part right :) Overall, I really liked it and will do it again on a special occasion where I have lots of time.

Rating: 1
I must say I am very sorry to have to write a negative review but I have to I am very very disappointed in these recipe instructions, Most of the Gourmet instructions are very poorly written, I cant believe these are professional recopies or someone is not writing them correctly and it is simply unappealing to read such terrible instructions

Rating: 4
Extremely beautiful presentation and very simple. Everything can be done ahead and assembled right before serving. Instead of pistachio cream, I made a walnut cream sauce and it was amazing. This dessert should be served on a very pristine and design-free plate. Nothing should clash with the look of the dessert. A funky shape would be great, as long as it's plain. Highly recommend this to serve to two or two hundred!

Rating: 4
We all loved it. It is very easy to make, relatively fast, when you have done the pistachio cream ahaed and it looks beautiful. I put it in a large white oval bowl and it looked very very "printanier" with the green and the bright white. I did not change anything from the recipe. For those who like pistachio and cream, try the pistachio creme brulee of Pierre Herme ... a dream to !