Rating: 0
When a recipe calls for Gala apples, why would you use another variety. A different apple is a different ingredient. The flavors, textures and cooking times vary greatly! Then to end up bashing the dish? Come on!

Rating: 3
As others, I also had trouble with flipping and keeping the galette together. I will try cktahoe's method because it is just so delicious. Thanks.

Rating: 4
This was a big hit with our rock art potluck. I knew it would be, considering how delicious my kitchen smelled as it was baking. Here are some modifications I made, due to lack of ingredients: instead of Yams I used Sweet Potatoes (beautiful color), instead of Amaretti cookies I used Biscotti and 2 tablespoons of shredded coconut. Instead of browing it on the skillet I lined a buttered shallow quiche pan with buttered foil, layered the ingredients and browned it under the broiler, then slid the galette with the foil onto a board, placed the inverted shallow pan over the galette and foil, turned it over and took the foil off, browned it again under the broiler, then baked it in the oven per recipe. It was still warm 1.5 hours later and was easy to transport. It really became a casserolle and was heavenly. It took a lot of tools and bowls, but well worth it all.

Rating: 1
I followed the recipe to the letter and used good quality Italian Fontina and Parmigano. I used a heritage apple, Belle de Boskoop, instead of the Gala. The flavors clashed rather than compliment each other. My family will usually eat anything but this one ended up in the garbage. I also tried the Potato and Kale Galette and it was great.

Rating: 2
While the flavors in this dish are quite nice, the preparation is a bit of a challenge. It did not hold together well enough to be turned out and over, so I wound up just baking it in the skillet without flipping. It still fell apart when I tried to remove it whole, so I wound up serving it like scalloped potatoes instead of in slices. I'm not sure it's worth the trouble.

Rating: 3
My guests and I loved this rich, sweet, cheesy galette. It was tricky to make, though. Unlike, say, a pancake, it didn't set firm in the pan during the stovetop stage of the recipe, so it wasn't easy to check the bottom for doneness, and it shifted around a lot when I flipped it. The flip requires a measure of confidence.