Rating: 2
This was fine; not the spectacular show-stopper I was expecting. It was a lot of work, and in the end the flavors were subtle to me and not earth-shattering nor mind-blowing, which I really want my desserts to be; something to make you actually forget the wonderful meal you had immediately prior. Like some of the others, this needs to cook much longer than it says; it was very jiggly until we cooked it 20(!) minutes longer. Thankfully, it didn't dry out the crust in the process, so the texture turned out just fine. The creme Anglaise recipe was enough to take a bath in, so I would advise cutting down on that part of the recipe. It was also very thin due to the rather short cooking time, not to mention it calling for half-and-half, and not cream. As someone told me once in a Florida restaurant when I asked how the Key Lime Pie was, they responded, "regulation." That's what I would call this; regulation.

Rating: 0
One more thing that I forgot in my other review! Others complained that the crust was too soggy so I baked it for 18 minutes without the parchment and pie weights. The crust was chilled in the shell over night and wrapped in plastic. Prick shell before baking.

Rating: 4
There were many moans coming from the dining room when this dish was served! After reading the reveiws, I made a few changes. For the crust: 2 cups flour, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3/4 cup coconut, 3/4 teaspoon salt, 9 tablespoons butter, 1/3 cup shortening, 2 eggs, 1 1/2 tablespoon water. For the filling: 1 1/4 cup half and half. I still had enough filling and crust to make a 4-1/2" tartlet to leave home for my son!

Rating: 2
Recipe must not have been tested. Made way too much crust and way too much topping. And like another reviewer, filling came out soupy - clearly needed to cook longer than specified. A jumble of flavors - the coconut flavor was overpowered by the sweet potato, pecans, rum sauce, etc. It was good, but not sure it was worth the effort, and certainly would adjust the recipe if I make it again.

Rating: 4
The flavors in this tart are spectacular. But I did have a couple of issues with the recipe. When I rolled the dough to a 12-inch circle as specified, it seemed way too thick, but I decided to trust the recipe and go with it. I wish I'd rolled it a little thinner - the dough was still slightly soggy after blind baking (the edges were getting too done or I'd have left it in longer). Also, I had enough filling and streusel left over that I could have made another whole tart. I took it out after 35 minutes and I think it needed at least 5 more - the filling didn't seem quite done. The rum creme anglaise is wonderful and I'll use that with many recipes.

Rating: 3
I first saw the recipe when I bought the book and had planned on making it for a southern themed Thanksgiving dinner. I did a "test drive" recently. It was very good. All the components mesh together beautifully and the rum creme anglaise adds an elegant finish. The tart dough seems a little "wet" when first put together. Give it adequate time in the cooler to firm up and it rolls out nicely. Do use a food mill or ricer for the sweet potato as the recipe instructs. The smooth texture that results perfectly fits a dessert this elegant. A good example of how simple ingredients can be elevated to another plane, which frankly seems to be the theme of the whole book and Mr. Stitt's restaurant.