Rating: 4
This has long been a favorite dessert for us. It's *amazing* if you serve the pudding warm with a scoop of vanilla or coconut ice cream on top. I strongly recommend using a rice cooker if at all possible. Soak rice ahead of time (optional), cook rice with 2:3 ratio of rice:water. Fluff rice, then add the coconut milk and cook again, fluffing a few times for ideal results. Rice cookers really give a great, even result every time.

Rating: 0
The pudding turned out fairly well, with some re-working. Adding water (probably 1/2 cup) to avoid burning the dish was necessary. I also used heaping amounts when adding the sugar, since rice pudding has never been a favorite of mine. I used Lite coconut milk, which was fine, and toasted coconut to sprinkle on top at the end. All my guinea pigs liked it.

Rating: 4
Holy Cow! What a surprise, this pudding was awesome! My husband and I are part of a supper club and this week's gathering features Thai food. When I found out I was responsible for dessert I had no idea what to bring and found this recipe on Epicurious. I found the ingrediants easily at an Asian food market and from start to finish I was done in 40 minutes. The pudding was delicious! My four picky kids, baby sitter and technicians from the Geek Squad were my taste testers and they all loved it. Quite frankly I was shocked... Now for the facts- I did have to add more water to the black rice when it was cooking (1/2 cup) or it would have burnt to the bottom of the pan. All of my cooking times were almost half of what the recipe called for and I added just a little more brown sugar knowing I was trying to appeal to American taste palates. We liked it warm and cold. I'm going to bring it Saturday night with sesame seeds (yummy), fried shallots (haven't tried that yet), ginger cookies and fruit (star fruit, mango and kiwi). I feel confident it will be a hit and I won't embarass myself among the other 'foodies' :)!

Rating: 3
Yum! I didn't have any brown sugar so i added some molasses. Served warm topped with shaved coconut. Great!

Rating: 1
Bad turn out. Followed instruction, but the rice was still hard after "simmering for 30 minutes." Had to add more water and the amount of rice ballooned. Had a huge pot of rice at the end. Did not have a dessert or pudding experience. Changes to the recipe: 1) Soak black rice OVER night, prior to cooking, to soften. 2) Stir rice OFTEN. If not, you will get a thick layer of dried rice at the bottom of your pot. 3) Cut down the amount of rice to 1 cup. Its dessert rice, not your regular rice. Luckily, the rice was not very sweet. Had it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner for a week. AUG!

Rating: 4
A local restaurant, the Thai Pepper, makes a rice pudding dish with similar flavors, even though they don't use black rice. I was thrilled to find this recipe! I substituted brown sugar for palm sugar, and I'd like to try the palm sugar, too. We didn't try any of the toppings, but I'd probably use the sesame seeds or the fruit. With the whole grain rice in the recipe, I'll make this again and again for breakfast, dessert and after-school snacks for my 13-year-old.