Rating: 2
The duck turned out very delicious. The smoke flavour was excellent... However, the process ruined the wok: it overheated on the bottom and warped, since nothing else was absorbing the heat (other than the foil and tea leaves). Keep this in mind when you're selecting which wok to use.

Rating: 0
tea - smoked duck breast with pears and blueberry jus

Rating: 4
I love this recipe, and I keep coming back to it. It's not super difficult, but it's interesting and delicious and fairly light. I suspect the negative reviewers ruined the recipe with their reported changes. Stick to the instructions on this one.

Rating: 2
First, this is subtle but quite interesting. I was fascinated by the "smoking" effect and it tasted wonderful. It IS a lot of work and I also changed a number of things: omitted the corn and asparagus and substituted yellow squash and zucchini. Omitted the blueberries altogether in favor of yellow/sultana raisins and did NOT strain. Poached the pears in halves and added a 1/2 cup of ruby port to the cooking water. Omitted the glaze for the pears (they were sweetened from the port). All in all, the only thing I'd really keep from this is the smoked duck breasts!

Rating: 1
It had WONDERFUL aromatics, but it was a real waste of effort for the end result. It was rather flavorless. It is a good challenge for an inexperienced cook, but it really isn't worth the time.

Rating: 3
This was an impressive and tasty dish, but simply not worth the effort. I would definitely remake the blueberry jus, though (albeit pureed rather than strained), and you could taste all the flavors in the duck (probably because we skipped the foil step and steamed, rather than smoked, it, adding water to the wok). A lot of work, though, and the pears and veggies didn't add much (except for the sweet potatoes, of course!). If it's your first time making duck, be sure to fully thaw it before cooking so you can pull the pieces of meat apart that freeze to each other. A tasty recipe worth the effort if you have a serious dishwasher around to help...

Rating: 3
Springtime on a plate. This is a beautiful and delicious healthy meal. The plate had all of the spring colors. I did think the cooking time on the duck breasts was too much. I didn't need to put them in the oven at all after the smoking and will reduce the flame or time for the smoking next time too.

Rating: 4
The blend of flavors on this is spectacular. Don't skip the sweet potatoes. They are important to the layering of flavors.