Rating: 2
I used very good vanilla ice cream with this b/c I did not have time to make it for this impromtu dinner party. Did make the figs with the sauce. Used a mixture of black and green figs. Sauce reminded everyone of glazed donuts. haha. I don't think I would make this again.

Rating: 0
I don't understand why all the recipes insist on a custard base when as with this, a Philadelphia base, i.e., Cream, sugar/sweetener, and flavoring, is often better, as with this.

Rating: 3
I'll admit that I cheated on this one and used store-bought vanilla ice cream, so I can't add to the discussion about the scream. The figs, however, are wonderful and really, really easy. We put 'em on ice cream drizzled with some local (WV) honey. Delicious!

Rating: 1
The figs are delicious. The Honey ice cream is awful. The honey flavor come through, but just barely as it is overwhelmed by the cream. I love a rich ice cream, but not one that leaves a coating of butterfat on the roof of my mouth..

Rating: 4
This is a delicious & unique treat. It is very important to use wildflower honey, however (reg honey is too strong a flavor). There is also a typo in the recipie as it forgot vanilla bean as an ingredient in the ice cream I used 1 bean scraped & steeped in the cream. The figs are nice, but it is equally nice with white peaches! The color of the fruit against the ice cream is beautiful.

Rating: 1
Honey flavor was good but the high cream to milk ratio ended up making it taste more like honey butter than like honey ice cream.

Rating: 4
I did not make the ice cream, but the roasted figs were delicious! The syrup is excellent over vanilla ice cream. Next time, I might try using peaches or nectarines, since good quality figs are hard to come by.

Rating: 3
I only made the ice cream It was very rich with a strong honey flavor. I bet it would be great with the figs. It didn't keep well in the freezer because the texture changed so I would not make it too far in advance. Also, it's pretty time consuming.