Rating: 0
I spent almost two months in Wales. Everywhere I went they were called Welsh Tea Cakes. No matter, they are like crack they're so addicting. I bought 'em by the bag full two or three times a week. They were as good on day three as they were on the day I bought 'em. Forget lunch. Two or three of these cakes were lunch and tea for me. These come out tasting almost as good.

Rating: 1
needs that flour with the salt andB powder alteady in it. needs nutmeg

Rating: 3
Growing up surrounded by self-respecting Welshwomen from Aberdyfi and Aberystwyth, I can attest to the authenticity of this recipe, although we always called them Welsh cookies. A great favorite of mine as a child, my family and I always enjoyed these best the day after baking. Whenever we were too impatient to wait, we were always disappointed.

Rating: 3
I agree that these are actually a Welsh Cake. Having spent some time in Wales in the home of a native, I can tell you she served hers almost 3 days after making them. Frugality or preference I cannot tell you. However, they are just as tasty after a few days, but in a different way. No, these are not a scone. They are, however, almost exactly like my Welsh friend's cakes. The difference? She used lard.

Rating: 2
Oh sacrilege! The recipe is ok, and results are probably a bit patchy until you work out how to get the best mix for your tastes but, please, get the name right! These are Welsh cakes, not tea cakes, or scones or cookies or anything else! You'll find fresh Welsh cakes in most bakeries in Wales, and believe me, no self-respecting Welsh person would ever leave one until the next day! They are best eaten warm, sprinkled with sugar, just off the griddle.

Rating: 3
After years of begging, my mother finally gave up the secret of the best Welsh cakes in the world... soak the dried fruit in a half-cup of tea (Earl Grey works nicely), for about 15 mins. before adding to the flour mixture.

Rating: 4
These welsh cakes were EXACTLY like my Nan and Mum (both from South Wales) used to make! I loved them, and would thoroughly recommend this recipe.

Rating: 1
Not quite what I know as Welsh tea cakes. I was expecting plump biscuity things that could be split, toasted, and spread with butter. Welsh tea cakes is a misnomer.