Rating: 4
I made this recipe with almost ripe bartlett pears. I have made zabaglione for several recipes. Made this elegant dessert for New Years Eve and our guests went absolutely insane. They love eating dessert. My husband and I are not dessert appreciative mostly, and after a rich meal we couldn't care less about dessert. However I have to say, that both of us thought we may just have a bite or two and both ended up cleaning the plate. After one bite I even stopped and made a cup of black tea. For me a fabulous treat (as I very rarely bother) deserves a good strong cup of tea. I am travelling back to New England this week and promised a supurb meal and a dessert. This is definetly the dessert I will make for my sisters and brother-in-law. My sister was a Home-Ec teacher and I think the rave reviews will keep coming.

Rating: 4
These pears are a great, easy, and elegant dessert. After making them twice, I have made some slight modifications. I double the zabaglione and the poaching liquid. The custard is so good that we always want more... and I increase the poaching liquid so it covers the pears more adequately in a saucepan (don't have to turn them as much this way). I also poach them for longer than called for. I find that the more tender the pears are, the easier they are to eat (they can be a little messy if they are too firm). I have made all components ahead of time and simply keep the pears at room temp and rewarm the custard slightly. I scatter raspberries around them in spring/summer and other dried fruit in fall/winter. Great for a dinner party... I am going to try with smaller seckel pears when I get a chance to see if they are easier to eat.

Rating: 3
This is an easy dessert. It is spectacular to look at and your family will call you Martha. The make-ahead feature enables you to make this for a crowd (Christmas, anyone?) without killing yourself. Everyone will ooh and ahh. The phyllo is not at all difficult to work with. I had never used it before. The whole pear part took maybe a half hour and the custard even less, maybe ten minutes.