Rating: 4
This was excellent and as everyone as stated, very reminiscent of what you see in Quebec(and true french canadian cooking). I did make a couple changes and it worked really well for me anyways: I used a little over half pork and then took a large duck breast and cut the skin/fat off and diced it into 1 inch cubes. Then I added that with the pork and some of the duck skin/fat to the food processor(following the advice of omitting the pork fat which you don't need). Then for the cup of water I used 1/8 cup of cognac(sherry cream would work well too), 1/2 cup of chicken broth and the rest water. It turned out excellent and everyone who tried it loved it. This does not have the consistency of a pate more along the lines of a savory quebecois taco meat spread if you have never had it. If your looking for something a little smoother, take the cooked meat and place it in a food processor at the end of cooking and add a little dijon and nutmeg and now you have a great spread(no where near the true potted pork but a nice alternative).

Rating: 4
Just like my Grandmother used to make! I was so happy when I found this recipe and made my third batch this weekend. I have made two small changes so that the finished product tastes more like I remember...I find that there is no need for the additional pork fat, so I left it out. I also reduced the amount of garlic to one clove.

Rating: 0
My parents are both from the Quebec-New Brunswick border and this is something we had regularly in toast with a little mustard for breakfast. It is available in the grocery stores up in Maine but homemade is so much better, and again you can omit the extra fat.

Rating: 0
Both grandmothers made this. One added the extra fat or lard as seen in this recipe. However, they used poultry seasoning, ground cloves,cinnamon and black pepper for the spices. One liked the spread to be very smooth and the other made is with a rougher texture. Both were delicous and made only during holiday season. It was never Christmas without it. I make it a without the extra fat. If it's too cold it may be a little harder to spread on bread but warming is slightly in the microwave fixes the problem. Great on toasted french bread!

Rating: 3
My father is from Quebec, and creton has been made in my family for years. My family's recipe is very similar to this one, except the additional fat is not added. This is excellent served on toast with mustard. My family also makes meat pies with creton.