Rating: 0
I have not yet attempted this recipe, although it looks good. Just wanted to give a tip for all those looking for purslane. This is often available in mexican markets where it is known as verdolagas. It has a great fresh flavor and an interesting texture.

Rating: 4
I had to join just to review this, I have been making it all summer, it is incredible. It is an easy recipe for Californians, I understand the problems for an Easterner but here in the Central Valley I grow purslane from seed (johnnies) all summer and have chervil, meyer lemons and radishes in my garden. The vinegrette is really special - it does have two periods where it sits for 20 minutes each time but that is when I cut up the ingredients and mix them so the timing is great for me- 1 hour overall. I agree- toasted nuts (pistachioes for me) and or pomgranite seeds would be a nice garnish. It is amazingly tasty

Rating: 3
Skip the vinaigrette. Entirely. This is one of those preposterous over-the-top Gourmet Magazine recipes that would take several hours and several bored sous-chef's to make, if followed to the letter, so don't. - The "vinaigrette" took hours to make, many ingredients were impossible to find (even in the most pretentious fancypants grocers in hipster Brooklyn), and in the end amounted to little more than glorified wallpaper paste, which would have ruined an otherwise nice salad, so skip the vinaigrette. - Kaffir lime leaves? Really? - A Meyer lemon? Really? - Fresh chervil? Really? - The salad was very good on its own, since it's basically been dressed with the olive oil and lemon juice. I had a Persian Lime olive oil sitting around, so I used that instead of plain. Just allow it to sit for an hour or so for the flavors to meld together. The purslane seems to absorb the flavors nicely; I'd never heard of purslane before, but happened across it at my local Brooklyn farmer's market. - Good luck finding a Meyer lemon anywhere in New York City; just find one of those smooth, thin-skinned lemons (as opposed to the thick bumpy-skinned ones), and shave it into paper thin slices in the food processor. The sweet of the pears, the salt of the sea salt, the sour of the shaved lemons, and the bitter of the radishes all worked well together on the palate. I got several compliments on the salad. I felt that it was missing something; perhaps some toasted walnuts or pecans or some dried cranberries or pomegranate seeds. Yeah. Pomegranate seeds. That might be epic. I'll have to try that next. I would make this salad again my way, but I would never make it verbatim from this recipe.