Rating: 4
I made as directed except used the greens available now - a mix of collards, kale and spinach. I did not pay too much attention to proportions. I also substituted Sel Magique (a blend of sea salt and herbs de provence) for the salt and pepper and grapeseed oil for the EVO since the instructions said to cook at high heat. I thought it was fabulous. I agree with the previous reviewer - cooking the items separately makes all the difference.

Rating: 0
I loosely followed the recipe (thus no fork rating), using what I had on hand: criminis, a bunch of kale, and some napa cabbage. The total greens were about 1/3 less than called for. I mostly held to the rest of the recipe, except for adding adding a splash of white wine to the broth. Also, when done, I squeezed a little lemon juice over it to brighten and garnished with grated romano and toasted walnuts. I served it over a moist, flavorful lentil/mixed-rice pilaf. All in all, it was tasty--earthy, simple, and hearty. The greens-to-mushroom ratio meant mushrooms were very present; the colors were nice. The separate-cooking process is a keeper. If I made this again, I'd make the same changes and would also add thyme, sage, or rosemary.

Rating: 3
If you are an earth mama/papa or have guests who lean toward the crunchy, make this dish! It is extremely healthy and relies on the true flavor of the vegetables. I myself probably wouldn't make it again, as it was so packed with the greens I felt like I would become a big head of kale at the end of the meal, and it just didn't look pretty. Perhaps a bed of greens with mushrooms on top would have been more appealing presentation-wise...

Rating: 3
This was a surprisingly tasty dish though I did admittedly warp it a bit. For some bizarro reason I couldn't find chard in any of our local grocers, so we wound up using two different types of cabbage and some spinach. The flavour of the shitake mushrooms was what really carried it over. While I was cooking it and realized how little flavoring was going into the dish, I got a little bit nervous. But I need to have more faith in natural flavors and less of an obsession with peppers and sugar..! This was really yummy. It was a side dish in the meal I prepared, but I would definitely eat it on its own.