Rating: 4
The maple sugar is pricey, and hard to find (I was able to track it down at a nearby Whole Foods), but this sauce is so delicious and so simple it's worth it. The first time I made it, I stuck my finger in to taste test and couldn't believe I'd made something that delicious! I think my husband would drink it through a straw if he could :) I made it as part of the maple gingerbread layered cake recipe from Bon Appetit magazine the first time, but now whip it up as a warm sauce for vanilla ice cream when we have friends round for dinner. If anything, ease up on the cooking times listed, this is a quick recipe but needs your attention or it may burn and spoil (and with the cost of the maple sugar, that's no fun). Enjoy, we did!

Rating: 4
The maple sugar was pretty expensive, so I used about half maple sugar and half brown sugar (and it was still delicious). This stuff is like crack, and I'll be making it for holiday gifts to my friends.

Rating: 3
The sauce is good, but the recipe's directions did not work for me. The maple sugar I purchased had fairly large grains, so on my first try, they never incorporated into the melted butter. I ended up with a thick caramel floating in melted butter. I lowered the heat and tried to incorporate the butter by further whisking, which worked, but when I turned the heat back up to finish the sauce, the caramel burned right away. Really annoying, particularly since the maple sugar is quite pricey. Anyway, on the second try I did the following, which was effective. I cut the butter into four or five pieces and added the sugar and butter to the cold pan. On medium low heat, melt the butter and whisk occasionally to incorporate sugar. Once the butter was completely melted I removed the pan from the heat and whisked until the sugar was totally dissolved, then I returned to the burner and raised the heat to cook until caramelized. I was a little gun-shy from burning the first batch, so I don't think I cooked it enough. My final sauce was quite light in color but very tasty.