Rating: 4
I made these for my petit four challenge in Culinary school and everyone raved about them! They were much perferred over the other students' truffles for their lightness. I had so much success with them I am making them for my wedding!

Rating: 3
I made these to take to work on Valentine's Day. They looked very impressive! People couldn't believe they were "homemade". They were a little sticky to work with but I kept them refrigerated and it wasn't really a problem. Next time I will up the chocolate amounts also.

Rating: 4
I took the previous reviews into account. I used 12 oz of each of the milk and white chocolate and used the called for amount of heavy cream. This worked very well. I also sectioned into smaller pieces than the recipe suggested. The bittersweet chocolate contrast is delicious; I covered more than the 1/8 inch of white chocolate and will probably cover all of it with the bittersweet next time- maybe even the whole truffle. Very, very good and very impressive!

Rating: 3
This is a decent recipe. I saw the concerns previously posted regarding the consistency of the truffles, so I made a couple of changes. First, I used creme fraische (sp?) instead of heavy cream. Second, I used 3/4 cup instead of 1 cup. Third, I upped the amount of both chocolates. I used an 11.5 oz pkg of milk chocolate chips, and 11 ounces of white chocolate. Finally, I dipped the entire truffle in bittersweet chocolate, instead of 1/8 inch of the white chocolate portion. I found the thickness of these truffles a bit too much, so next time I make them, I'll use an 11 inch pan instead of the 9 inch pan to pour the chocolate into. Having said that, these have a terrific flavor, and with the changes above, have a wonderful, creamy texture, just like you'd expect from a truffle.

Rating: 0
These truffles were delicious, but they melted into a puddle of goop after about an hour at room temperature. Even after spending the night in the refrigerator, they were very soft, which made cubing them and dipping each cube in the melted bittersweet chocolate a serious challenge. They ended up looking squat and gnarly. Any suggestions on how to firm them up?