Rating: 0
This was a yummy salad and something I wouldn't ordinarily make, but I had some chanterelles on hand that I needed to use up. I used proscuitto too, put it in the oven with the chanterelles. I made it just with arugula and it was delicious.

Rating: 4
What a beautiful salad! So delicious, so simple. I wish any store remotely close to me had Speck though. I hate having to sub something out the first time, but I ended up using pancetta and it tasted delicious anyway. I could've seasoned the chanterelles a bit more, but that was easily remedied. I used the mache and I'm wondering what the arugula would've been like, since the mache was so mild and scrumptious. Had the leftovers for lunch (minus the egg, didn't feel like poaching a new one!) and it was still yummy. The dressing may have actually had a bit more flavor. One thing I wish is that there was an actual measurement for the shallot since the size can vary so much, especially with my wacky homegrowns. Regardless: BIG YUM!

Rating: 0
Where is the list of ingredients?

Rating: 4
Used shiitakes rather than chanterelles with terrific results. With a little warmed rustic bread on the side, it's a fabulous dish.

Rating: 3
My dinner club loved this salad! I couldn't find fresh chanterelles and used reconstituted dried. I think they worked fine, though one guest wondered if the texture would be better with fresh chanterelles. I had a bit of difficulty in finding speck, and was about to substitute proscuitto. However, I was finally able to find the speck and it was well worth the extra effort! What a great taste! I loved the addition of the poached egg. Even one guest who didn't eat her yolk, loved the white of the egg mixed in with her salad. I wasn't going to spend $30 for a bottle of vin santo only to use 3/4 cup and then reduce it to 2 tablespoons! That's a big investment for a small salad! I used a Spanish alternative to Vin Santo - specifically, I purchased Jorge Ordonez Malaga. Not only did I use it in the vinaigrette, but I served it with the salad - not a typical wine to pair with the salad course, but it was a huge hit! The sweetness of the wine cut the fat from the speck, the walnut oil and the egg. I'll definitely make this recipe again. I may try a variety of fresh mushrooms to avoid the price of the chanterelles. I would use a straight sherry vinegar/walnut oil dressing instead of reducing the wine as I'm not sure it was really worth the cost and the effort. Overall, a unique taste, visually pleasing, salad enjoyed by my entire dinner club!